 So what is a release? We really have to distinguish between what is a
 transformation and what is just an a cathartic discharge of energy. Because
 yes, you can scream, you can cry, you can shout and you can do all that, but that
 doesn't mean that that's actually transforming. So what makes it
 transforming and that is essentially depends on the inner awareness.
 Meditation teaches us to create an inner space of awareness, to be aware of
 ourselves and our body. And it's the same awareness that we call the self that
 is breaking the blockages, integrating the fragmented parts of
 ourselves. If this space, the self, the space of awareness, this master state, how
 we sometimes call it, is firmly established and we then introduce
 traumatic material or emotions, blocked emotions, repressed sensations into the
 space. Then integration and healing can happen because healing means witnessing.
 We have to be in touch with what we want to heal. When we are cathartic or just
 discharging the emotions, a lot of energy is being moved and this can be
 very good to discharge some of our inner protectors that prevent us from
 actually feeling the underlying emotions. But when we get caught up in a loop of
 discharging and not witnessing the underlying traumatic emotions, then we
 stay in a loop where the discharge becomes another tool to make uncomfortable
 sensations, uncomfortable emotional states away again. And so a release really
 means not just discharging an emotion, which is sometimes what we refer to as a
 phase one release, as a discharge, the expression of the emotion, but it's a
 transforming. It's when we actually witness the underlying trauma energy,
 the helplessness, the powerlessness, the shame that is there, the thing where we
 basically want to look away from, but we don't. We invite it into our inner space
 of awareness and we have enough safety there and enough distance to not get
 taken over by it, but also not lose connection to it. So we're in this safety
 zone of allowing the uncomfortableness to be witnessed and thus transformed. An
 emotional release can only occur when enough safety in the system is present
 to actually witness the difficult emotion. And that changes the relationship
 we have and fundamentally rewires the way we relate to uncomfortableness,
 uncomfortable emotions, uncomfortable situations, or even uncomfortable people.
 And that changes how the energy system is wired and how energy is directed within
 the body and that changes how different symptoms are expressing within the body.
