 Yeah, sorry. Maybe I was too eager. But yeah, my thing, my issue that I've kind of been
 struggling with is sort of ADD, attention deficit disorder symptoms. I was never really
 diagnosed officially, but this is what I've been feeling kind of hard to focus on pretty
 much everything, starting with my work. And it's just, it's hard to keep my attention
 on something. It's hard to keep myself motivated and interested in something for a long time.
 Okay. And right now, you're just saying this is a problem, but I don't really understand
 what exactly the problem is. So when you're doing this exercise for the others and saying
 it's important to understand like, what is the exact thing that they're struggling with?
 What is the struggle about? What is, what is so uncomfortable about this?
 Yeah, I guess, I guess I want to be, I want to have this ability to be really focused,
 to be really, to have very sharp attention, to be like really good at something, to be
 really good at my job, to be able to be productive and useful, I guess. And because I have this,
 or it seems like I have this problem of focusing, of keeping my attention, of staying motivated,
 it feels like I'm not able to, to become very good at something.
 Beautiful. You just said it, right? Like, and right now we can dissect you with the tools
 that we just explained. So you don't actually have a problem. You only have emotions that
 you don't want to feel. You don't actually have a problem. Okay, you're making a problem,
 your mind is constructing a problem out of your situation. And now we understand why it's
 constructing the problem. There is you here, right? Little, little attention, not focused,
 not getting shit done. And then that's where you want to be. So you're not accepting reality,
 you're saying essentially, I should be there, but I'm here. And now I'm suffering. Right.
 So, so it's, it's again, this projection outward of I want to be this other person, I want to
 be this other version of me. Otherwise, I'm not happy. But wouldn't it be great if you
 could experience happiness right now, without anything to having to change. So would you
 rather be unhappy now or happy now right now? Yeah, I definitely want to be happy, I want
 to accept myself as I, as I am. Exactly. So what we're going to do is do that. We're going
 to just work on that. And funny thing, sometimes when you solve this problem, this other problem
 also solves. So, so my question now is, you have the problem you want to be, you don't
 feel focused, you don't feel productive, you don't feel whatever you just said, where do
 you feel that in the body? Where is it? It sort of feels like a cloud over my head. Like
 in my, my mind, like my mind is clouded. Sort of like a fuzzy sensation around my head.
 Yeah. And can you maybe, maybe a little bit and like in my chest, kind of like, yeah,
 down here as well. Beautiful. I always like to look for something that's more in the body
 than in the head, but the head is of course part of the body as well. So let's be on the
 chest. How does it chest feel right now? Feels, feels airy. Scary. Airy, like there is air,
 like there's space, but it sort of stops around here. And beyond this like lower down, it feels
 like it's more constricted. Okay. Can you welcome this airy sensation? Can you welcome
 it? It is hard because I think this is why like I can't, I can't focus, I can't put
 attention because it feels like there's nothing really to put attention on.
 Yeah, it feels like you want to put your attention on something, but it's like, where
 do I place my attention, right? Yeah. But you still feel a sensation in your chest, right?
 It feels airy. Right? Can you welcome that airiness for 10%, 10% of the airiness. Can
 you welcome it? Yeah, 10%. Yes. Okay. Just feel how that feels when you've accept 10%
 of that airiness. And then can you accept 15% of that airiness in the chest? I think
 so, yeah. Okay. Can you accept 20% of that airiness? Yeah. Can you accept 30%?
 Yes. Can you accept 40%? Yes, but I'm starting to sort of feel like a little bit worried
 for some reason. Yeah. So right now we reached this like threshold of acceptance, which was
 the same with Andrea, where the reason why they can't accept it fully shows up by itself.
 So you're feeling worried, right? And worry is what emotion. Fear? Yes. So where do you
 feel that fear in the body? My solar plexus and my stomach, my lower part of my chest.
 Yeah. And actually, can you welcome that fear for a moment? Yeah, for a moment, I think I can.
 But I don't want it to stay. You don't want it to stay. Can you welcome it even more?
 Just a little bit.
 Yeah. And can you welcome it that it can stay even a little bit longer?
 Yeah. Sure. Yeah. And can you welcome it even more?
 Yes. But I'm sort of starting to feel like sadness or something come up instead.
 Yeah. And can you welcome that sadness?
 That's a little bit harder.
 Can you welcome that it's difficult to welcome?
 Yeah. Cool.
 And breathe into that for a moment.
 Yeah.
 And how do you feel now?
 I feel a bit sort of unbalanced a bit.
 Say it again. Like a bit unbalanced, unfocused and still feel like sadness or emptiness.
 Yeah. Beautiful. Beautiful. Can you welcome sadness and emptiness? Just for this moment.
 Yeah. A little bit, yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. You don't have to cry. You can just accept that
 you're feeling this way. There's no pressure to cry now. You can cry. But you're accepting that
 it's showing up in a way it's showing up.
 Yeah.
 And how do you feel now?
 I feel a little bit more accepted because I've been sort of like facing this feeling before
 because I was trying to escape it for a long time and it always comes back. So I'm kind of
 developing it where I was staying with it.
 Yeah. And so the next question is, can you find something enjoyable about this feeling?
 Name one thing that's enjoyable about this.
 I think the only thing that is enjoyable is that I believe that there's
 some kind of true authenticity underneath that I'm optimistic about bringing to the surface.
 But I don't know if there is anything enjoyable about the feeling itself.
 So do you feel some sort of hope right now towards this feeling?
 Yeah. Yeah. And can you expand and welcome that hope?
 Yes.
 And can you expand and welcome it even more?
 Can you enjoy it even more?
 Yes.
 Yeah. And what changes when you start to enjoy this?
 I sort of feel like there is a source of energy that I can connect to,
 that it's a source of energy in this hope.
 And just take the source of energy and welcome it in your pahayati, welcome it more, breathing into it.
 And with this energy,
 you're feeling the sadness or the resistance to it, welcome it.
 And how do you feel now?
 I feel more energized, more kind of tingling my body and more.
 Yeah. More hopeful.
 Yeah. So there's energy being released that's coursing through the body.
 And now, essentially, I didn't, we were very much on the physical level,
 but we can ask again, can you accept that you're unfocused,
 that you have little energy and all of that?
 Let's come back to that real quick, because sometimes that's a little bit separate.
 Can you welcome that?
 I can welcome it more, because I feel more energy to kind of
 more hope to overcome it, I guess, or to.
 Yeah.
 Yeah. It feels like it's still a struggle with it.
 Yeah. Of course. That's normal. It's not easy to accept that.
 But can you accept that there's a struggle with this right now,
 that it's okay to have a struggle?
 Yeah. Okay. I think that's enough. It's okay to be not at war with this struggle itself,
 a little bit less at war with the struggle. It's already great.
 It's already more energy there, because you're not resisting the struggle even.
 Another layer of resistance will also resisting there.
 Beautiful.
 Thank you.
 So thank you, Dennis. Thank you so much.
