 In this next clip, you will see a demonstration of the technique of equalizing and its profound
 implications in healing.
 The ego is, in a sense, a resistance machine to reality.
 It's constantly creating resistances and constantly wants reality to be anything other than what
 it is.
 And that's what it's made for, because it's for survival.
 If we want to survive, we can't just accept the moment, we have to create constantly the
 right circumstances to survive, to get our needs met, to feel connection, to feel loved.
 We constantly have to strategize.
 And so the ego strategizes, and then it strategizes about the strategy and strategizes some more.
 That's madness, this looping mechanism, constantly echoing.
 It's like an echo chamber of resistances.
 If you have a panic attack, maybe you have a small fear.
 Then you have fear about the fear, and then you have more fear about that you have fear
 about fear.
 And then you feel helpless, and then you have a panic attack.
 And so the opposite of a panic attack is this principle.
 The principle of just allowing the person to be who they are, because their mind is constantly
 going against that, constantly creating conditions around who you are.
 So just as another person saying, "Can you be that?
 Can you be who you are?
 Can you be who you are now?
 Can you be this?
 Can you be just who you already are without doing anything?
 Can you welcome that it's there?"
 Is so profoundly already healing without doing much.
 This we call equalizing.
 Equalizing simply means the first technique is a language principle.
 It's a way that we can embody unconditional acceptance for the person without pressuring
 or creating a counter-transference.
 So we allow, this is super feminine, we allow this person to be even more themselves than
 they've ever permitted themselves to be themselves.
 And it's really powerful to have that, to just use this.
 And so when we do this technique, we have the outcome.
 We have a problem, right?
 And we want her to accept that problem.
 We want to come to that resolution where she can accept, forgive, let go of that problem.
 But if I ask you right now, "Can you let go of that problem?"
 She would probably say, "No."
 And so then it's like, "Damn, she can't let go.
 I give you your money back.
 I can't help you."
 But that's the wrong idea because we're not accepting her the way she is at that moment.
 We're already creating a discrepancy because she needs to be someone else.
 You need to let go now.
 You need to start to accept this.
 So the now moment is not being accepted of who you are, it's rejected.
 And that's the part when you're a therapist, it's very, very important to watch out for
 that part because if you move too fast, you're creating a transference and a counter transference.
 You're vibrating out an energy that the person will feel subconsciously not to be accepted
 and not to feel safe.
 And so name one of the problems you have where you would like to work on.
 So I have a situation where I'm with someone and he starts talking.
 It's actually something that you mentioned at the beginning.
 He starts telling me something about his experience and I become tired and I don't want to listen
 anymore and he obviously noticed that I become tired and I'm not paying attention anymore.
 And I don't think that it's boring what he's saying but I just cannot, I can't listen.
 It's really hard for me to tell him or I tell him this and he is thinking that I'm just
 bored by what he's saying.
 What would you like to have as an outcome?
 Actually I would like him to talk less or be able to breathe and kind of don't have
 all the information so fast.
 It's like a rain of information and I also feel a little bit challenged because I feel
 that he's like holding a speech and I'm the small student so maybe just feel seen in this
 conversation.
 Say it again in the last sentence.
 Feel seen in this conversation.
 Ah, okay, okay.
 Let's take that goal, okay?
 You want to feel seen in the conversation.
 The other thing is about you have to change him in order for him to be the right way for
 you, right?
 And that's normal.
 We constantly want to change and impose on to this society, this world, relationships
 and so let's try that.
 Let's just say, so can you allow yourself just for this moment to feel fully seen by
 this person?
 Yes.
 Yeah?
 Wow, okay, we're done.
 Thank you.
 No, no, no.
 Yeah, okay, you can allow yourself just for this moment to be fully seen by this person.
 Can you allow just for this moment that this person needs a lot of energy from you?
 Hmm, that's a little bit harder to allow.
 Hmm, good.
 And now can you just for this moment welcome that it's hard for you to allow that?
 Just allow yourself to be struggling with that situation.
 Yeah, does that work?
 Yeah, and let me ask you again, can you allow yourself to let this person need that energy
 a little bit more?
 A little bit more.
 Is there resistance there?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, and can you just for this moment, just for the second, welcome that it's difficult
 to allow another person to take that energy from you?
 Yeah?
 Yeah, but it's difficult.
 Yeah.
 And can you allow that it's super difficult at the moment?
 I try, but it's also difficult to allow that it's difficult.
 Yeah, it is.
 Can you allow it to be difficult to be difficult to accept it?
 Yes.
 And how do you feel?
 I feel as if there's a lot of energy around here and here I feel relieved.
