 (soft music)
 - Muscles are quite something special.
 They are the only thing that our consciousness
 can physically change in reality.
 And through muscles, we can build a table.
 We can change the physical dimension.
 Without muscles, we wouldn't have that ability.
 So the muscles are in a sense a bridge
 between our consciousness and the physical world.
 And muscles are the most direct messengers of fear.
 When they hold chronic tension,
 they show us directly that we're repressing
 part of who we are and part of our emotions.
 Newest studies have found that the muscles
 are surrounded by a fascia that contain
 a lot of myofibroblasts, which is contractile tissue,
 which instantly responds to fear and to emotions.
 So our ascending reticular activation system
 in our limbic system, when we detect fear,
 this starts firing and sending impulses down
 into our spinal cord and instantly setting our muscles
 into an alarming state, contracting those muscles,
 the fascia around the muscles and the muscles themselves.
 And this survivor response is so fundamental to our body.
 The most harsh critic of the body-mind connection
 can deny this fundamental connection
 between fear, stress, and our body.
 One type of muscle is most affected by this response.
 They are the supporting, structure-giving,
 postural muscles.
 They are called tonic muscles.
 The tonic muscles, those are very interesting
 because they are most affected by this stress response.
 And this is why most chronic conditions,
 most chronic pain that we experience
 in our muscular system is within those tonic muscles,
 those short, long-lasting, contracting muscles
 that have a hard time to let go.
 So you can spend years on end in a chronic state
 of fight-or-flight, holding tension back from years ago,
 from that breakup years ago, from childhood.
 Fasic muscles, on the other hand,
 are the counterpart to tonic muscles.
 They are the rhythmically tensioning and relaxing muscles
 that we use to move about.
 And they grow tired much, much quicker.
 So when a client comes to you,
 and they tell you, for example,
 that they have pain here in the neck or there,
 and you kind of grab them and they're like,
 oh, you got just the right point.
 You're hit it right at the spot.
 How do you know where that was?
 You just found it.
 It's very easy because their pain
 is almost always in those tonic muscles.
 It's always the same thing.
 And these muscles we're going to discuss here.
 When we touch these tonic muscles, for example,
 if someone pushes into your tonic muscles,
 like right here, for example,
 this is a tonic muscle right there,
 or when you push right here,
 there's a different type of sensitivity, or even here.
 And if you can feel that,
 try to feel and distinguish that sensitivity,
 it's a little bit different.
 It feels much, much more sensitive
 because it's always under contraction.
 And when you press there, it can be quite uncomfortable.
 (gentle music)
 Even in the psorias, for example,
 the deep hip flexure muscle
 that contracts with fear
 that became very popular in recent years.
 That muscle is also a tonic muscle.
 The masseter muscle, the trapezius,
 the upper part of the trapezius,
 the short neck muscles, the temporalis,
 the big and the small chest muscles,
 and the small back muscles, the psoas,
 the quadriceps, and the hamstrings, and the calves.
 They are tonic muscles.
 And that's why they're almost always holding
 that chronic stress response.
 So if you think about it,
 if you think about all the chronic conditions
 that a client comes to you with,
 chronic muscle tension, tendonitis,
 golfer's elbow, neck pain,
 these are all the results of living
 in an over-regulated society.
 A society that tries to force and push
 and control the lived experience
 with the inability to let go.
 So essentially what these people are experiencing
 is they're living in a body that says,
 "I don't want to feel.
 "I don't want to feel anymore."
 (gentle music)
 And the higher the muscle tension is,
 the more fear this client is holding,
 the more stress this client is in.
 Fear and stress are essentially the same thing.
 Fear is the lived experience of stress.
 So it's not really an emotion.
 It's fear is the fundamental stress response.
 And so now understanding that all the tension
 that we experience in our clients or in our patients
 and we feel them, that's a direct mirror
 to how much of themselves, of their emotions,
 they are holding back.
 And most clients, when you tell them, "Let go, let go."
 And they don't even know that they're holding on.
 And the level that they don't know
 that they're actually contracted
 is the level that they have estranged themselves
 from their body.
 If you think about it,
 it's the level that they are not in touch
 with the mechanisms of the body.
 So they have left the body.
 Contracting all of their body
 becomes a very uncomfortable place to live in.
 So muscle tension is a primary mechanism
 through which we can repress the shadow
 or the traumas of our childhood
 and authentic parts of ourselves
 that we don't allow to come to the surface.
 So this is why emotion release and body work
 are so, so, so key to transforming society
 and transforming our clients.
 Because we work directly with those muscles.
