 And so there's this like huge misunderstanding that to feel good, to be whole, to be complete,
 we have to create another circumstance outside or within our system.
 So this is the game when I am, then I am.
 When I go to yoga, then I feel good.
 When I get the job, then I feel good.
 When I have the ice cream, then I feel good.
 Constantly creating condition after condition of condition about when you are complete,
 but you never are by adding what you thought you needed to be complete.
 And so we don't play that game.
 This is not about when I release this emotion, then you are complete.
 When you lose your wound, then you are complete.
 When I feel my feelings, then I'm in the heart.
 No, that is not true.
 You can always be in the heart.
 Yes, your heart can open in ecstasy and bliss and you can't always have that just like that,
 but you can always, always act from the heart.
 And what that means is you can be in depression and you can be in the, like you're walking on the dark side of the street.
 Right? It's dark, there's darkness there.
 But wherever you are on the planet, you can just turn and face the sun.
 You can just change the street side and turn and face the sun.
 And the heart is just like the sun.
 It's always there.
 It's always there.
 That doesn't mean that you feel you're out of the darkness,
 but it means that you can accept inside that darkness and you can see the sun within that darkness.
 And so it's not about like, okay, I'm incomplete here.
 I need to get there to be complete.
 So I walk here, but it's so difficult to walk here because there's so much stuff.
 No, it's about I'm here and the sun is always there.
 So I just turn where the sun is, where the heart is.
 And I just look in the direction and the direction is, can I accept this moment?
 Boom. If the answer is yes, you're in the heart.
 If you can't accept the moment, but you can accept that you can't accept the moment, you're in the heart.
 You understand? It's like, that's all we can do at that moment.
 Still there's emotions, still there's depression, still there's heaviness, there's hate, whatever there is.
 But we can face the sun.
 I have thoughts about the reason why you want from the client the agreement that he has no resistance.
 And you know we are talking and then to the point they said yes, but there's no resistance.
 I agree that I accept this situation like this.
 Oh, that's not something I...
 That's just the limit of the equalizing, you know?
 You can just use equalizing in a whole coaching session if you ask the right questions.
 And always find the right things to accept and bring into your heart because everything you accept you bring into your heart.
 But that wasn't like a requirement. I wasn't like, you have to accept it fully.
 But that's the end of the technique basically. That's where you go, okay, yes, you can accept it.
 Yes, you can look at the sun, but it doesn't change where you're standing right now, right?
 So changing where you stand within your consciousness happens through the Feynman technique more.
 Because you're going into the process then.
 With the acceptance, you're also activating the process but it's more like you're shifting your perspective about everything.
 So it's not like you're directly walking within consciousness, you're just like turning towards the sun.
 It's like a subtle shift that's super powerful that has answered your question.
 I want to go a step further. Why is it so powerful in your opinion?
 You mean the acceptance?
 Ah, okay. The acceptance is powerful because every part of the ego and body-mind system is constantly strategizing
 and creating an idea of what the future should look like
 and creating different impressions of what to do next, what is the next step, what is this.
 And the ego-mind has a fundamental discriminatory mechanism.
 And it's either it's good for my survival or bad for my survival.
 It's pleasure or it's pain, right?
 It fundamentally rejects pain and tries to reach pleasure, but in a very contracted way.
 So it's constantly discriminating, almost like a Nazi saying,
 no, I don't want this.
 Yes, I want this.
 No, I don't want this.
 Like that.
 And accepting is reversing that process,
 that blade that constantly cuts everything in half, right?
 That says, this is black, this is white, this is good,
 this is bad, this is up, this is down, this is what I want,
 this is what I don't want.
 You want something from me.
 I want something from you.
 These kind of things are constantly happening within us.
 And through just being aware of just that mechanism,
 just allowing reality to be the way it is,
 is stopping that mechanism in its tracks.
 And that stopping in its tracks, the mind
 can take a break to really just be there.
 And that's the heart.
 The heart is the thing that merges dualities.
 It's the thing that brings wholeness, that is already whole.
 And so we bring some of that wholeness
 from our awareness that is always there into the mind.
 And so the mind starts to merge more,
 instead of fragmenting more, having more panic attacks,
 and worrying about the worry, and that whole echo chamber
 about worrying about worrying about worrying
 the fear of the fear of the fear.
 Does that make sense?
 Yeah.
 And I had the observation that the acceptance also
 opens up a little bit more the body, is this possible?
 Yeah, yeah, of course.
 Yeah, this was interesting for me.
 Yeah.
 I think the first time that the conscious mind has a chance
 to look at it, and make a decision about it,
 is the subconscious is continually fighting it off.
 And so by prompting the awareness to actually accept it,
 it's opening to it.
 Yeah, you're breaking the code of 01, 01, 01.
 And that's basically--
 in Buddhism, they only work by awareness, by witnessing.
 And that awareness itself has the same quality as equalizing.
 It's the same quality.
 It's just we allow it through the words
 to arise more spontaneously.
 And they just work on the code 01, 01, or 01.
 And they stop there.
 They just do that with all of the program,
 with all of the karma, with all of the blockages.
 And it's amazing how that works.
 But here, we don't really do that.
 We go further in the way that we go into the blockages
 that are held, and directly target the blockages.
 It's almost like a Buddhist is kind of like deconstructing
 buildings brick by brick.
 And we're going to specific buildings
 to see what is in the infrastructure of the city
 is needed right now to be deconstructed.
 And they just randomly, just one brick by brick, like that.
 And I think every resistance gives tension in the body.
 So when you accept it, you let go.
 And then you can go deeper.
 The nervous system gets calmer.
 And then a few more sayings.
