 So, this is how you use equalizing.
 It's the first step we can do in order to gain access to the subconscious.
 So every single moment that someone is alive, he or she has some sort of resistance inside
 her body, and that resistance is basically an undefined energy, an emotion, if you will.
 But the person doesn't know that.
 And so what we do is we ask them this simple question, "Can you allow this resistance
 to be there?
 Can you welcome it?"
 That's it.
 And this simple question allows someone to equalize the resistance that their own ego
 has to their own body, to their own emotions, and that creates more space for whatever that
 resistance is to be there.
 And that's how equalizing works.
 Can you allow?
 Can you welcome, just for this moment, that there is resistance there with your mother?
 And how do you feel now?
 Very tense around her.
 Yes.
 And yet it's like anger.
 Anger, right?
 And can you allow that there's anger here?
 Can you welcome it?
 And instead of asking, "Can you welcome this resistance?"
 You could also ask, "Can you allow, can you witness this?"
 And phrasing it as a question, as to not expect them to do it, but generally asking them if
 they can or cannot.
 It's not a rhetorical question.
 It's an actual question.
 Can you welcome this resistance?
 So equalizing is the verbal expression of your master state.
 If you speak from master state, this is what it would sound like.
 So it's a communication principle that can be used at any moment.
 That's all it is.
 And it's simply an invitation to let go.
 Let go of the resistance to the now moment, to the body, to the situation you're in.
 When you speak for equalizing, you speak earnestly without force.
 It means to ask questions or give prompts for your clients to either witness, feel or
 let go.
 It's super simple what we're describing here, yet it's so powerful.
 That's why we have to break it down like this.
 Simply asking the question, "Can you allow yourself to feel the resistance you have towards
 your own sadness?"
 But it can be any resistance.
 So resistance to emotion, the resistance to a situation, the resistance to your thoughts,
 the resistance to your reality, the resistance to the now moment.
 Any of that, you just phrase it, "Can you allow that you feel that your mother is angry
 at you?"
 Can you allow that your leg is falling asleep right now?
 Can you allow this moment to be how it is?
 Can you allow to feel the strength that is also inside of you?
 So you can use this with anything, you're just inviting equality in.
 And this is almost always helpful because 99% of the time our ego is resisting reality.
 So this question always creates a shift in the client.
 Can you welcome the uncomfortable feeling?
 Can you witness it as another variant?
 And the finisher move, the highest one that we use is, can you allow your entire body
 to resonate with that resistance?
 Can you allow your arm to feel this emotion?
 Can you allow your left arm to feel this emotion?
 Can you allow your legs to feel this emotion?
 So you can really build it up and involve the entire body into this invitation.
