 So how does consciousness affect the body? In medicine we have data that shows that the psyche can affect the body.
 We can measure stress, we can measure the amygdala fire, an increased gavonic skin response,
 the drying of the mouth, the release of noradrenaline into the bloodstream.
 We can measure that, but beyond a general stress response we don't really know the specifics of how
 consciousness interplays with the body. Something unique about this training is that we're going to move away from just
 understanding a generalized stress response, a generalized trauma response and look at how the psyche and
 consciousness
 specifically affects different areas of the body because stress has a
 frequency. Running late to your job and getting in a fight with your mom is not the same frequency of stress.
 Doing public speaking, getting your heart broken are completely different types of stress.
 They affect and resonate with a different area of the body. As an example,
 my team has worked with over hundreds of women with endometriosis.
 Endometriosis is the most common female reproductive disease and one of the most
 misunderstood where the
 endometrium, the skin within the womb, is often inflamed many times also during period and there is an
 extra layer of cells building either within or outside of the womb that causes many
 complications. As a common theme is that many of those women we've interviewed have had a
 boundary violation by a man. What's more interesting is that we could trace a
 transgenerational pattern to two generations back of the people who are affected. The grandmothers of the people who are affected
 many times were in relationships and married with men that they didn't actually want to have sex with or
 didn't want to get married with and have children with. So there was a
 intrinsic boundary violation in their family history.
 And now if you imagine being with a man that you don't want to be with,
 let's say one part of you doesn't want to be with them,
 but does continue to step over that inner boundary of sleeping with them, for example, in the act of that and over the years
 you're sending the signal to your body, "I don't want to have sex with this man.
 I don't want to have sex with this man." Your nervous system is going to send impulses through your organs, and especially the organs affected.
 Your female reproductive organs are going to feel your resistance.
 These impulses that create the strong reactions two generations later are
 somatized as what we call endometriosis. In a sense, it's an adaptation to create a boundary
 within the womb with inflammation that couldn't be expressed on the outside, and that is carried now on the inside and in a sense
 trying to ward off the invading male organism.
 And this is one example of how conflicts that are happening on the outside and many times can't be
 find a resolution on the outside are mirrored on the inside.
 So your body is a mirror of your own world.
