 welcome to this video about breathing in a little bit of a deeper sense.
 So you've heard a couple of things already about expressive breathing, but there is so much more
 about the breath in general, the way we breathe, what different breathing patterns mean,
 how we can support with breathing techniques inside of an emotional release session,
 and all of those deeper things where you might still feel unclear about.
 So let's get in, let's start with what is breathing in general expressing. Breathing
 comes from the lungs and the lungs are a contact organ that is constantly in contact with our
 environment and that has a somatic meaning in terms of how are we in contact with our environment,
 meaning the people around us, family, friends or food, the air that we breathe, the house that we
 live in, how do we feel in terms of the contact that we get there. So you might have noticed in
 different situations in your life, your breathing differs. In some situations you might notice you
 have a high chest breathing, so some people they are going through life and most of the times
 they breathe a little bit faster, they always seem to be kind of stressed and they don't really
 allow this deeper contact with the environment. Why? Because they are in a fight or flight response
 more or less most of the time that they're going through life and actually most of our society
 is going through life within this state. Also this higher chest breathing not really fully allowing a
 deep and embodied breathing. Some people they go through life and they are really calm, you can
 also observe this when a baby is sleeping or when a person is like really calm, they they vibe out
 this more deeper and relaxed sense and you can also notice this in someone's voice and how someone
 speaking. When the voice is deeper, it's like a little bit calmer that means we have to use more
 air and the air that we use to resonate within our voice comes from deeper. So I'm talking about
 belly breathing. People who do yoga know what belly breathing is and what it means and how
 it supports and helps the nervous system in order to calm down. So basically we have belly breathing
 and we have chest breathing and in between there is like the rib cage that also can expand to the
 sides. So maybe you've heard the term a full breathing and yoga you say full body breathing,
 full yogic breathing. So that means we start an inhalation with the belly comes out
 then we go a little bit deeper, the rib cage is expanding to the side
 and then we go even deeper into the chest and those three steps they are a full expanded breathing.
 So let me come to what in the body is governing the way we breathe. It's one main muscle and
 then a lot of like supportive muscles. So this one main muscle is the diaphragm here in the middle.
 It's like underneath the rib cage. It's here and it's a muscle that looks a little bit like this
 and when we inhale it goes down so it creates a vacuum and it sucks our air in. When we exhale
 we push it up so it exhales the air out. It pushes the air out and then this muscle can store a lot
 of tension in our body and usually it does. It's very connected to our nervous system responses,
 to our flight or fight responses and when we are stressed, when we think or we have to get away
 there's a dangerous situation or we have to attack, this muscle is always more or less contracted
 and it's important. It's not just a muscle, it's also a lot of fascia that is like holding on to it.
 It's connected to the spine, it's connected to a lot of organs are like connected via fascia,
 like to this muscle and it does, it brings a lot of tension when this main muscle of breathing is
 not relaxed. That's why breathing is so important or plays such an important role and that's the main
 reason why this expressive breathing is so effective because it's a stress release. There's a lot of
 stress and tension released in the diaphragm you can feel, the vibration when we exhale is like
 vibrating here and it shakes and all of the organs, they are loosening, they are relaxing
 and they can just go better within the function that they're serving. So how do we deal in a
 session with an emotional release with breathing patterns? How do we connect to a breathing pattern?
 How do we know what a certain breathing pattern means and how can we work with our client like
 guiding him or her into like a pattern that is supporting the process? So first thing,
 expressive breathing always works, the sighing, the sounding, all of these things that are like
 very beautiful in a sensual just to break pattern. Because in trauma work, in coaching,
 in these healing modalities, what is like so important is that we come become aware of a
 pattern and then we have an ability to break a pattern. So whatever breathing pattern is there,
 whatever feels like oh this is like why is this person breathing like this right now or why does
 this voice sound like this right now, we can always guide our client back to breathing deeply,
 calmly and in your own control because it goes like from both directions. When there's a situation
 outside of us that is putting stress on us, our breathing reacts to it and we can also go the
 other way around. We observe there is a situation coming that will stress us, we know already so
 we prepare with taking a deep breath, centering us so that we don't lose control over a situation.
 Most intense breathing pattern that can happen in my opinion like during a session is what happens
 during a panic attack. People hyperventilate because a panic attack is basically the most intense
 reaction to the feeling of loss of control. So we are experiencing something that is
 overwhelming our nervous system and we start, I don't know what to do, what the fuck like the eyes
 go like crazy and we look around and we try to like catch something that is making us feel safe
 again and then we get overwhelmed and we are in a state of I lost control and I don't know what to do
 and this breathing is actually trying to bring us down again and that works. Also hyperventilation
 works in terms of like bringing the nervous system down because we get the stress out of
 the body. We have a high stress response in this moment. What can we do when someone experiences
 a panic attack? We can hold this person, we can talk to them very calmly, very collected,
 we can give them physical support if we're physically present, we can tell them, look into
 my eyes, stay with me, it's all right, you're going through a panic attack, just focus on your
 breathing, try to go a little bit deeper into your breath, I'm here and we constantly give them what
 they are looking for. They are looking for safety and as a facilitator you are the source of safety.
 So you look at them, you stay connected with them, you have body contact with them that feels safe
 and you speak to them and they will because they are afraid they will have the tendency to like go
 away or say no, this is not good or like these things and you just stay connected and you say
 I'm here, it's okay, we're gonna go through this, we breathe, it's all gonna be fine, we're constantly
 recreating this sense of safety and then the breathing pattern normalizes with our guidance.
 Then what also very often happens during sessions is that your client is going through an emotion,
 is going through a feeling, is going through a memory, is expressing something and all of a
 sudden the breathing stops or they are thinking about something and the breathing stops. You just
 told them breathe in deeply, try to expand an emotion, go a little deeper into this, can you
 connect to this and then when the breathing stops that's a sign that people go out of contact with
 something, they disconnect. So obviously you want to guide them again to breathing deeply or breathing
 consciously, bringing back awareness to what is happening right now, staying in contact with things.
 So when a person loses this connection, that is not an issue, we don't have to become angry
 at them or frustrated by them, we have to meet the person where he or she is at and
 distraction and this conditioning that I have to be really aware of what's happening right now,
 so that means disconnection from the actual moment because awareness is like on a threat,
 on a survival threat and then we have to recollect and this is where we can support as a facilitator
 with like, okay let's breathe in a little bit deeper. You can also notice the breathing pattern
 by the way a person speaks, so people can speak like very fast and then they do this like hyperventilation
 whenever they are expressing something and then the throat all of a sudden reacts because there's
 a high stress response like these muscles they contract and they push these muscles together
 and then we have a hard time speaking and then our voice changes. So maybe you know people who like
 always speak in a very high-pitched voice and when they speak like it seems like you can't really
 take them serious or they don't really have power within their speaking, they can't really stand up,
 they can't really claim their truth and they can't really tell you what they actually think.
 So where does it come from and how is it connected to the way we breathe? So I talked about like
 the chest breathing, so some people they always coming from here and they speak from like this
 stress and then they have to speak again because they have to inhale again because like this is
 coming like from this kind of like stress so because when I talk to you I always have to be like really
 stressed when I talk. Yeah and so this way of speaking is really exhausting, it's really stressful
 because this is what the person is going through in this moment. Confrontation, being in contact with
 another being means stress, means a threat, means I'm not safe saying my opinion, I'm not safe
 talking to you, I'm not safe with the things that I really have to say because if I say them
 mom and dad or like other people in my life will put me down, will judge me for that, will tell me
 I'm wrong or I have to do that. So I constantly have to like catch my breath in order to find safety
 again in what I actually want to say. So what we can do with those people is we can give them
 a more expressive way of breathing and then there are other people who are like always like
 having a really deep voice and when they speak it sounds kind of monotone and a little bit bored and
 yeah yesterday like this happened and my cat died and yeah but it wasn't really a big deal you know
 like those kind of things and this is an indicator that people are also not in contact with their
 emotions and with the intensity that an emotion brings they are not connected with the excitement
 with the yes to intensity of life because like what does it mean when we fully breathe in when
 we fully use this whole spectrum of our breath yeah that's like a yes towards life that's like
 a lustful expression of I am alive when we take a deep breath it's often a sign that we can relax
 into something and that we can connect with the excitement that comes with life yeah that we prepare
 ourselves towards the excitement of life and then about breathing or about breath or about
 techniques that we can use regarding the breath there is a lot of tools for breathing that we
 can use yeah for example there's pranayama there's kabalabhati which is like this kind of breathing
 where we we basically like we release a lot of stress out of the body we clean our lungs and
 we bring energy up our spine yeah it's like a push from the diaphragm that like pushes up
 and it pushes all of the energy like through the central channel of the spine up to our brain
 kabalabhati means shining skull um and then there are breathing patterns from yoga like
 bastrika which is the fire breath which is like this kind of breathing where we basically
 we massage our belly we bring activation into our organs we bring movements movement into our
 organs and we activate our life force our fire inside of this area of the body and it brings
 heat into the body and it makes us want to do things want to be active um and then there are like
 breathing techniques like um analoma viloma which is like
 this alternating breathing um where we breathe for one through one nostril and then exhale to
 another and then yeah we go in this rhythm and this is connected to our two sides of the brain
 bringing harmony connecting them with each other um so there are many tools that we can learn
 how we can support like the integration for for someone or what we can do to deal with
 high situations of stress or like of low energy in the body in order to support our body systems but
 these things are like part of of yoga if you want to learn them do a yoga class go to a
 yoga training um and learn those things they are very very beneficial and they are very helpful
 for for all kinds of dissociation uh with the breathing with life force with um the well-being
 of our organs as well um and then there are trauma related uh techniques in regard to breath which is
 basically uh connected breathing yeah there are like many techniques of this like
 rebirthing or holotropic breathing um many other forms of this where you go into a deep
 state of like connected breathing and you do something like
 inhalation exhalation without a pause in between the breathing for like an hour
 sometimes longer sometimes less um and then all of a sudden shifts start to happen in
 the body um and your nervous system is like reacting to it your body gets into a state of like
 high arousal and all of a sudden similar things to like as an emotional release session happen
 the body is bringing up blockages is bringing up traumas is bringing sometimes like tension in the
 body maybe some of you know this who do like breath work all of a sudden you are like oh what's
 happening to my body everything is tingling everything gets like super aroused um and then
 these things are related to an expression of the body where trauma wants to be relived through or
 like we felt through um or we want to connect to a certain memory within our life that has been
 traumatic and and go through this again in order to find a resolution for it or just allow the body
 to process it fully when it hasn't been processed fully before and as well those things are super
 helpful super beautiful as a there's a difference between breath work modalities and emotional
 release we can use breath work in order to go into emotional release breath work is a part of emotional
 release um but it also comes like with we have to connect to the to the breath and it's only
 this one modality that we can use like to trauma healing and that's not the approach that works
 for everyone um if you're interested in that i'm teaching once a month psychosomatic breathing
 can attend this uh and i will guide you through an hour of connected breathing personally for me
 that is something that changed my life and brought me into this modality of new emotional release
 where i found something even more effective than this that brings everything together all right
 so i think that gives a good overview if you want to like read a little bit more um also look into
 the script there's a lot of information about um breathing there and yeah thank you for listening
 to this class about breathing and see you in the practices q and a or in other classes
