 So this is basically what we're talking about here.
 There's different ways to not feel here.
 Very basic nervous system states.
 So parasympathic is slow immobilization, freeze, depression, fatigue, disconnection, everything
 down here.
 So the anti-emotions are actually here.
 They're actually below here, but they're like ice.
 They're actually like ice.
 And then there are super intense emotions like here, which is the level when we go into
 the instincts, which is when somebody is raging and screaming and you're yelling or you can
 even cry all the time and then not be in the window of presence.
 So this place, in this place, there's no processing happening there.
 So you don't have to think about this like, "How do I stay here and go here?"
 It's just for you to understand right now that this is where the witnessing can happen.
 This is where healing means witnessing.
 And on this level, that means when we encounter a difficult emotion and it's repressed, it's
 in the freeze response, we can't heal it because we can't witness it.
 So it's almost like ice melting.
 We have to bring it here.
 And bringing everything here simply means, can you accept this emotion?
 When you're in acceptance or you try to accept, you're trying to bring it here.
 That's all it means.
 When you say, can you hold this emotion instead of being overwhelmed by it, then you're bringing
 it here.
 When you say, can you witness this emotion, then you bring it here.
 So can you hold it when it's too much?
 Can you witness it?
 Can you allow it?
 All this will bring something that's overcharging or frozen back into the window of presence.
 If they're in the window of presence and nothing is coming up, then it's like, yeah, they have
 issues and they have traumas, but right now nothing is showing up.
 Many times that means you have to be even more patient, more master state, not faster,
 not harder, but less fast, more presence and more stable to be like, really help them to,
 for me personally, I'm a slow-feeler and I have my biggest breakthrough at working with
 Detlef.
 So someone who wasn't pushing anything and wasn't asking me a thousand questions, was
 just there holding space.
 So when you notice that it's like, nothing is coming up, nothing, go slower, not faster,
 go more presence, more patience and bring them more to the subtle sensations.
 Because what they're saying is, their awareness is too gross and not subtle enough to feel.
 And so how do you get someone to feel more subtle, to be more sensitive?
 To get them more sensitive by being calmer, slower and more patient with them and tuning
 them more into their body.
 And that's master state work.
 So you just go into focus on this and then you just leave them like focused for half
 an hour on just one part of the body and ask them what changes every five minutes.
 That's it.
 And they will go, some things will come up and things will shift in their body.
 So this is the window of presence, right, this is your day-to-day waking state.
 And here you can witness emotions, you can feel and you're in control, you can contain
 and witness your experience.
 Then something happens that's overwhelming, you're in a car crash.
 And there's too much happening.
 Something overwhelming happens, trauma is too much, too fast.
 And then what happens is we get overwhelmed, like we go from this window of presence we
 get overwhelmed, we go into this hyper arousal and then the nervous system does something
 amazing, it shuts down and creates trauma and it ends up here.
 And this is trauma energy then.
 There's no expression when you meet this juicy anti-emotion.
 It's not juicy at all, it's super tight and boring but I just want to make it lucrative
 for you if I want to make it excited.
 So when you find these Pokemon, usually when there is no expression for shame, absolute
 helplessness, powerlessness, meaninglessness, depression.
 That's really important.
 There's no, you can't cry away shame even but tears can come with shame and that's okay.
 How are depressed people?
 Are they expressive?
 No.
 No, because they're stuck in the state of like immobilization in a way and in the stuck
 in the state of these anti-emotions.
 So on the emotions map you have left, outward emotions and inward emotions, right?
 Right?
 Outward, left, inward.
 Right?
 Joy and anger.
 Joy and anger is always connected to hands, it's always flowing outward.
 Sadness and fear, it doesn't make hands more cold.
 And extremity is more cold means it goes, there's in and out but with anti-emotions,
 it's not really in or out, it's just, it's just no movement.
 It's just cold.
 It's also cold but it's like, it's really shut down.
 That's why often it's boring and it's so connected.
 Yes.
 Boring is just resistance.
 Boring, that's gray, that's annoying, that we hate, perfect, let's stay there.
