 And welcome to week four for the exercises of the somatic evolution course.
 In today's week, we're going to take somatic integration one step further,
 going beyond equalizing into breathing.
 So as always, we start with this.
 The opening element today is to see,
 is there any place where they have discomfort?
 Is there some sort of resistance?
 And then going through the standard somatic integration steps,
 where, how would you describe it?
 You can use the list.
 And when they have described it, they have localized it.
 We see, can they welcome it?
 The equalizing from last week.
 We try to get a yes.
 So can they welcome it?
 Yes, great.
 We move on.
 If no, we go through the loop.
 Can they welcome that?
 It is difficult.
 We do a few steps.
 If we get no, it's fine for today's exercise, because today,
 we're going to practice breathing and we're going to practice expressive breathing.
 So when they have said yes,
 we move on to instructing them to breathe into the sensation
 and to use expressive breathing,
 meaning to sigh with their exhale.
 So they can breathe into the throbbing, tingling tightness.
 There it is.
 In the right side.
 And if they breathe into it,
 we can see what happens then.
 So we go to monitoring.
 This is the case if they have said yes.
 They can welcome it.
 If they say no, even after a few questions,
 we can still go to breathing,
 because we can use the breathing as kind of a break,
 as a tool to get away from the challenging thing,
 by breathing into the resistance of the sensation,
 using expressive breathing.
 And to then go to monitoring and see what has changed.
 And we can even specify by seeing what has changed about this sensation.
 And if all of this is very difficult,
 so it may be difficult for somebody to breathe into the sensation,
 into the resistance.
 It may be difficult for somebody to make a sound,
 because knowing our society,
 it's not always the easiest to be expressive with any physical emotional content.
 If this is difficult, you can kind of take this,
 and turn it into an imaginative exercise.
 So you can ask your client.
 And for this breathing exercise,
 maybe you can imagine you're coming home after a long day.
 And you're coming in and you're sitting down at the couch.
 And the difficulty, the challenge of the day just drops away.
 And it's this natural thing of breathing out, exhaling, sign.
 And that's basically what this exercise is.
 So you can give them a visualization and see,
 can you try that?
 The sigh of relief of letting go to bring this in.
 And afterwards, what are you noticing now?
 What is different?
 Localizing.
 Oh, it's here now.
 It's in my chest.
 Describing, how would you describe this?
 Can you welcome this?
 Moving on to breathing.
 So you can turn this again into a loop.
 And afterwards, feedback.
 That's the last time I mentioned that.
 I hope you enjoy this week's exercise.
