 So, let's start to explain the basic fundamentals of original mapping.
 So, the left side is connected with the feminine.
 It's the yin, the connected, the soft, the nurturing, the surrendering and the integrating
 principle is what is symbolized by the feminine.
 The right side on the opposite, the yang part, stands for power, protectiveness, dominating
 and competence.
 We can really see in the physical body that the left side, right side is really showing
 up with these principles.
 We can even find these principles in a very biological way in the body.
 On the left side, we have the heart.
 The heart is a provider organ.
 It provides our body with nutrients, but it also provides people that we're taking care
 of too much.
 We have the pancreas on the left side, which is also connected to the principle of integration
 and belonging.
 Then we have the descending colon.
 The descending colon is all about letting go, letting go of the old feces of the old digestive
 process.
 So, it's a letting go.
 That's also a feminine principle.
 On the right side, we have the liver and gallbladder.
 The liver and gallbladder, the liver is a really big, massive organ that's really powerful
 and really associated with the yang.
 The liver is connected to anger many times, and so is the ascending colon that is also
 on the right side, where the feces is rising up again.
 So, even on the organ level, you have these different characteristics show up on the left
 and on the right side, the yin and the yang.
 The left side corresponds with people that you want to take care of.
 So, for example, if there's a person that you want to nurture, or if you're in a relationship
 where you have to take care of your partner more than this partner takes care of you,
 this person will generally correspond more with your left side, with your nurturing side.
 Your right side, on the opposite, the yang part, it's connected to people that you find
 more powerful than you, that you look up to, and people that you generally feel like they
 are more your protector than they are protecting you.
 You also have this left side, right side split, with the level of dependency.
 How much does the other person depend on you, that will be the left side, or how much do
 you depend on the other side, that is the right side.
 So on the left side, we ask the question, something feminine couldn't integrate here.
 Some principle of the feminine couldn't integrate.
 We can also ask the same question with the right side, but even better, what happened
 here that the masculine is held back?
 So the feminine wants to integrate, the masculine wants to push outward, in a sense.
 So what couldn't integrate, and what is being held back?
 Let me give you an example from my life.
 My mother recently explained that she had pain and inflammation in her shoulder.
 I asked her which side she said the left, so immediately I asked myself, something feminine
 happened that couldn't integrate.
 What is it?
 We were on the way to my sister who just given birth to two beautiful baby girls, and my mother
 has been there every day since they were born.
 She was taking care of the baby, she was taking care of the family, she was just providing
 and giving, giving, giving.
 Because she's a typical over giver, a people pleaser, as you will.
 And what do people pleasers do?
 They give.
 And what do people pleasers have a hard time with receiving, right?
 My mother was so eager to help that my sister really lashed out at her, and was almost reacting
 in a very bitter way.
 That seems at first like an unfair reaction to someone who gives a lot, but maybe you
 know this if you are a people pleaser, why this happened.
 It's a very old story here.
 On the social level, the strategy of trying to give is a strategy of trying to get, that
 is mask by the only way that person knows how to engage with other people and proving
 their self worth by giving, by giving, by giving.
 In the hopes that they at some point receive something similar back.
 This strategy is somewhat successful.
 It works to a certain degree and it fails miserably to another degree.
 And so a person who is constantly giving, giving, giving cannot get full in themselves.
 They're expanding more energy than they are receiving energy.
 And this is precisely the problem.
 Long term basis, you are going to be empty of energy and you're not going to be full.
 Because you're not getting nurtured, you're going to keep trying to give because it's
 the only way you know how that would work.
 So there you can see the problem that a person who simply can't receive any positive praise
 or emotions or can get full will probably step even over other people's boundary in
 order to give them something that can be overburdened.
 Maybe you have experienced this before with a partner or parents that fall into this people
 pleaser archetype.
 So not only did she not know how to get energy and let energy land and feel good within herself
 and feel confirmed and recognized as who she is, but she also got lashed out at by my sister
 who was angry at her.
 So this sends two strong signals to the body, specifically the left body because something
 feminine couldn't integrate.
 What is the feminine aspect here that could integrate?
 The aspect of receiving, it's sending a signal to the part that resonates with receiving.
 The left shoulder is all about letting something in and the right shoulder is all about pushing
 something away.
 So the left shoulder couldn't let something in and what happens is that the fascia, the
 muscles, the tendons around the shoulder joint start to contract.
 Furthermore, because anger was involved, there was an unexpressed boundary in the system.
 My mother got negativity from my sister so the appropriate response is to say no, stop.
 This is not the right response.
 When this response is getting held back, this is the energy of anger that initiates a healthy
 boundary response.
 Anger is frozen in the system and whenever anger is stored in the body, it up regulates
 the system a little bit and it can also create inflammatory mediators that are now activating
 the shoulder.
 This is one way we can explain how her shoulder got painful and inflamed by understanding
 the psychodynamic conflict that is at play in her life.
 As soon as she recognizes this and understands this dynamic, as soon as she learns to express
 her boundaries and allow finally recognition to land so she can feel full of energy and
 feel positive about herself, the symptoms will go away.
 So we have the left and the right.
 There's also up and down.
 The upper part of the body is also associated with the masculine.
 Anything that rises or goes up is a masculine aspect.
 Anything that falls down or is being let go is a feminine aspect.
 So the lower part of the body is feminine and the upper part of the body is masculine.
 And so combining that left and right, up and down, we can create a coordination system.
 We have four quadrants.
 The left lower corner being the supere yin quadrant because it's down and it's on the
 left side.
 Specifically feminine aspects will resonate on that side.
 Then we have the upper right quadrant which is the supere yang coordinate.
 If symptoms show up there, highly masculine aspects will be predominantly resonating with
 that area.
 And then we have the family systemic view.
 So the systemic understanding of the physical body is that when the left side as a total
 is reacting, in an emotional release session for example, and you see that the entire left
 side is activated, many times this has to do with a transgenerational repeating conflict
 connected to the female ancestral line.
 Same thing on the right side.
 Whenever you have a strong right side activation, there is a strong ancestral component that
 is being shown throughout the masculine, the fathers and the forefathers and the great,
 great, great grandfathers and on the left the great, great, great grandmothers who probably
 had a similar issue.
 Many times though, what you find, maybe if you're a massage therapist or if you work
 with clients, you find that symptoms crisscross across the body.
 So you have something on the left and something on the right.
 So you have the right, your liver reacting with the left shoulder for example, creating
 pain there.
 And what that symbolizes is in a sense also the conflict of masculine and feminine within
 the own family system.
 The fundamental conflict on earth is between the masculine and the feminine that can't
 integrate with each other.
 And this fundamental conflict is played out in the body, showing us that this on a family
 systemic view cannot integrate.
 So your grandfather had an issue with his wife and also with his great-granddaughter.
 And these issues, you will see there's issues running throughout your family history, showing
 up over and over again and playing itself out in the body.
 So it's quite the universal principle that the body is shifting and compensating on one
 side, on the left side, creating pain there, on the right, and there on the left, because
 that's the fundamental war that is playing out inside the body, but also in the world.
 Each part of the body resonates with a different type of emotion.
 The explosive pressure in the abdomen resonates a lot with anger, while the tensions in the
 pelvis try to tame the wild instincts of sexuality and aggression.
 The thorax organs are linked to heavy emotions, sadness and explosive emotions, because the
 thorax is in its pressure, implosive.
 So the lower and upper body splits can also help us understand what's going on.
 We split the body right at the diaphragm into upper, supra-diaphragmatic, and lower, sub-diaphragmatic.
 From an osteopathic perspective, the organs lying below the diaphragm act on nerves and
 joints that are lower down in the body.
 So the knees and the hips and the organs above the diaphragm act on the nerves and joints
 of the upper body, the cervical spine, the base of the skull, the fascia and tendons
 of the shoulder joints and the arms.
 And even though there are exceptions to this general rule, everything that is below acts
 on below.
 Everything that is above acts on the above.
 So if you have chronic shoulder pain, you should research in the organs of the thorax.
 For chronic back pain, you will often find an answer in the organs of the abdomen and
 hips.
