 In this next clip, you're going to see how we use definement to deepen the emotional process by identifying what emotion it is.
 Okay, that's the first technique was equalizing.
 Now, I'm going to show you the next technique we're going to learn after this, and it's called definement.
 So, can you tell me what are you feeling, this energy that's moving here?
 It's like a circle, a spiral going down, and it's this direction.
 Yes, and let's try some. Is it fear maybe?
 Maybe, a little bit, but not just fear.
 Not just fear, okay, so it's something else as well.
 Is it anger?
 Yes, oh no.
 Did you see what happened when you said yes, it's anger?
 Right, yeah, allow that anger to be there.
 Just allow yourself at this moment to be angry, that someone is taking energy from you or taking up energy.
 And what would you like to say to that person?
 Fuck you, fuck off!
 Yeah.
 It's my energy, fuck off!
 And just feel the contact with that, with this hot, fiery energy, spiral energy, what you're talking about.
 It's actually nice.
 It's kind of nice, huh?
 Yeah, because you're not resisting, it's kind of juicy, it's kind of alive, no?
 Yes.
 Yeah, just breathe with that.
 And can you coat it in chocolate?
 What?
 I don't know, just can you just imagine it's like strawberries and you're just putting even more chocolate on it and just, it's just delicious.
 Can you see that something delicious?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, and then, okay then, enjoy.
 You're just gifted yourself some delicious energy.
 Yeah, I know, but now I'm like, is this mine, can I have it, is this?
 Like, I've discovered it and it felt so nice and now I'm like, is this right, can I, now I have doubts, now it's like...
 Yeah, and can you allow yourself, just for this moment, just for this moment, to welcome that there's doubt.
 Now it's coming back a little bit.
 What is coming back?
 The chocolate and straw.
 Okay, I'm going to stop you here, give her a applause, thank you.
 Definement is a technique where, because emotions are regulated in the limbic system,
 and the thoughts happen in the neocortex, cognition happens there and emotions are rooted in the limbic system,
 the relationship they have plays an important role of how we process emotions.
 So in the moment that we can process and understand, like understand an emotion, like when our neocortex thinking ego kind of part of the brain
 is trying to understand what is happening, what is happening, like what is, what am I feeling?
 The moment you say it's anger, something synchronizes, something goes boom.
 And remember you said like fear, yeah maybe, yeah, is it anger?
 Oh yes, and this movement happens, the brain starts to synchronize with the body because it starts to understand what is happening.
 So that's the definement technique, it's just a simple principle that when you understand what's going on with you,
 the emotional process deepens, the emotion comes up from the repression and it deepens, super important, we're going to work with a lot.
 And when we understand this principle we can go quite deep because when we find more information for example,
 if you're an intuitive and you know, is this emotion from your grandmother's sister and she's like yes,
 then all of a sudden the emotion will be like boom, it will be right there because you nailed it.
 But sometimes it's like is it fear, no, is it anger, yes, is it from your dad, no, is it from your mother, yes.
 And then it goes like deeper and deeper and deeper like that, you can just ask, it's so simple.
