 Now you already understand the principle of equalizing, of the understanding of equalizing
 the resistance the ego has to itself, the now moment, the body and reality as a whole.
 And just asking a question is an invitation for the ego to drop that resistance.
 Now we can get really far with just a single principle.
 We can let someone just using this question get to a deep state of relaxation or even
 allow difficult emotions to come.
 The problem is when the resistance that we are equalizing has a lot of energy.
 Is there resistance there?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And can you just for this moment, just for the second, welcome that it's difficult to
 allow another person to take that energy from you?
 Yeah?
 Yeah, but it's difficult.
 And can you allow that it's super difficult at the moment?
 I try, but it's also difficult to allow that it's difficult.
 Yeah, it is.
 And can you allow it to be difficult, to be difficult to accept it?
 Yes.
 And how do you feel?
 I feel as if there is a lot of energy around here and here I feel relieved.
 When the energy is too strong, it's hard for us to just allow it.
 We can allow that it's difficult to allow, but at some point we're going to reach a limit.
 We could ask the person to let it go bit by bit like the Sedona method, but what we're
 going to do instead is we're going to explore further what this emotion, what this resistance
 actually is, and we do that by using the Feynman because the resistance that we were using,
 the resistance that the person has is an actuality, energy, an emotion.
 So we say this resistance that you're feeling is an emotion.
 What emotion is this resistance?
 And this creates a deeper looking of the awareness or into the body.
 We start to look deep within us and when we try to identify the emotion that this resistance
 is, something starts to click and immediately some of that resistance drops off.
 Yes, and let's try some.
 Is it fear maybe?
 Maybe a little bit, but not just fear.
 Not just fear.
 Okay.
 So it's something else as well.
 Is it anger?
 Yes.
 Did you see what happened when you said yes, it's anger?
 And now the emotion has a lot less resistance and also it's identified by the ego as anger.
 And so this principle, we can start to define and start to enter more and more into the
 inner dimensions of another human being by defining we allow our brain to understand
 itself and this creates safety in the body and also it creates an understanding of the
 own self so that now more of the content of that emotion can be revealed to us.
 Once this person has realized what emotion he or she is feeling, we can then ask again,
 can you welcome that there's anger there and the anger will be allowed to be spread further?
 The Feynman can go on and on defining it even further and asking, is this anger related
 to a male or female person, a male person?
 Is it your dad?
 Yes, it's my dad and as soon as this information that is inside the trauma container is revealed,
 the more we feel and can host the charge of that blockage, that resistance that is there,
 the more of the energy dissipates and the resistance becomes smaller and smaller, the
 blockage becomes smaller and smaller, often times it's difficult for the person to even
 guess their own emotion so I like to make suggestions.
 Is this emotion what you're feeling fear, no?
 Is this emotion what you're feeling anger, yes, or when they're feeling two emotions
 at the same time?
 Is this emotion that you're feeling sadness, maybe?
 Maybe you're feeling two emotions, break it down, one emotion is sadness, what is the
 other emotion?
 You don't know, is the other emotion anger, yes, so you're feeling sadness and anger
 at the same time, can you allow to feel sadness and anger at the same time?
