 In this video we're going to breakdown in what exact ways the Feynman as a healing principle
 is able to be used.
 So we start off with a resistance.
 A client is in touch with the resistance and has maybe allowed their resistance to be there.
 And then we go and ask or tell the client, "Hey, this resistance is an emotion.
 What emotion is this resistance?"
 Then the client will answer us any kind of emotion, anger, sadness, fear, whatever.
 And that's the first basic definement, right?
 The client can understand what he's feeling and sometimes you can give help with that
 instead of asking what emotion you can say, "Are you feeling fear at the moment?"
 And the client thinks it's like, "Yeah, actually I'm afraid, yeah, that's right."
 Once we know the emotion we can go even further.
 Is this emotion related to a male or female person?
 Because a high percentage of the emotions we feel are related to other people.
 So in the moment you ask that question, again, the person is searching their feelings and
 trying to understand themselves.
 And they will get a feeling of, "Yes, that is correct or no, this is not correct."
 I trust that every client I work with has this capacity.
 Sometimes it's not easy to answer these questions, but we all have this capacity and I call this
 the law of resonance because when something is true, it resonates.
 Something happens in the body.
 If it's not true, if it's not related to a male person, it's related to a female person,
 the client will know.
 We're not making suggestions and trying to convince that it's a male person because
 the client will feel that, so that won't work.
 And that is what helps this principle to move along.
 The client reacts to truth, law of resonance.
 Once you've asked this question, is it related to a female or a male person?
 It can be female, for example, and you can ask, "Is it your mom?"
 If it's male, for example, you can ask, "Is it your dad?"
 These are the primary caretakers we have, so it's a good guess, it's the best guess
 we have.
 Instead of being the dad, it could also be a partner, a life partner.
 So if she says no, "Is it your dad?"
 You could just ask, "Is it a friend of yours?
 Is it a partner?"
 And you can just keep playing this guessing game.
 Same with the mom.
 Is it your mom?
 No.
 Is it your grandma?
 Yes.
 And so the process deepens.
 Every time you get it correct, the more information you strip from the emotion, the deeper the
 processing goes.
 The more the client is able to process the emotion.
 This is the principle of definement that works so powerfully.
 So this is the main way I use definement, but it can be active in so many different questions.
 So when you're back here asking, "What emotion is it?"
 And the person answers with anger, sadness, fear, etc., you can also ask, "When is the
 last time you've felt this emotion?"
 This will bring the client back into his memory where we can then unpack more emotion and
 more information from the trauma container.
 So this will also activate.
 Another one we can ask is, "Where do you feel this emotion in the body?"
 Locating the emotion in the body can also be very helpful and we use this a lot.
 And later in our live trainings, you will learn what all the different meanings mean
 of where in the body it's felt.
 If it's felt in the left shoulder, for example, the left upper arm, is this related to your
 sister and often or not this can be related to a sibling, a younger sibling.
 So there's many various ways you can use this principle of definement and this definement
 is not in a sense a technique.
 It's the principle that when you define the emotion further, more emotional processing
 can happen, more healing can happen.
 We move along the inner dimensions of another human being.
 Another question we can ask instead of what emotion is usually we phrase it in many different
 ways it can be phrased as what has changed in the body after we moved along in a process
 we can ask what has changed and the person will describe that.
 So just keep in mind describing helps the healing process.
