 The basics of the using the findment. You've seen the demo. You've seen the material already
 Just want to show you really quickly what that looks like when I do it here. So who would be up for that?
 Okay, Katal Zina was first
 Hello
 Hello, can you can you turn on your video?
 I will try, but I'm not sure if you're gonna see me
 That's the most I can do
 That's good. That's good. Thank you. Yes and visual. Yeah
 Yeah, okay. I just don't have electricity. So I'm sitting here with the candles and
 Oh, what what country are you in right now? Oh, no, I'm I'm inside Bruce, but I'm kind of
 Billing with very difficult housing situation right now with my landlady and she cut it off. So
 Oh, okay. There's definitely some emotions to explore there, huh? Yes. That's why I was first, I think
 Okay. Yeah, we're not gonna go do a full process, but let's let's do it. So um, right
 So just to um, show you this principle in the simplest manner
 Just gonna jump right into this. Okay. So
 Um, we we what we do is we locate a sensation or resistance in the body. So I ask you where do you feel resistance in the body?
 In my chest area
 That's very here
 Take a finger and point to the epicenter of it
 There there and I can't see exactly where it is
 Try
 Is it is it where your ribs end right there?
 Um, or a little bit more nearly a little bit higher. Maybe
 Yeah, okay. Okay. That's good to know because the location of the affects can also help us but not to make things too complex
 so
 Now the next step
 We have the resistance now. We understand the resistance is an emotion. It's always also an emotion
 What emotion are you feeling?
 I'm angry
 You're angry
 And how is your access to anger? Is are you easily angry or is it does it take or no easily? So so it's
 Uh, maybe I will say it this way. Um, even when I am angry
 I don't express it straight away. I'm kind of putting in inwards
 then bottle up
 and then I'm
 Out there that used to be this way. I wasn't able to express my anger when I was a child
 So it was very difficult to I'm still kind of in a in a process of learning
 How to be beautiful. Yeah, beautiful. Thank you for sharing
 So usually
 The emotion we're looking for is the emotion that the person has a bad relationship to right?
 That's the emotion that needs to be freed
 That's the emotion that needs to be released because if if you have a good access to an emotion
 It's it doesn't need to be released. It's it's already available to you
 So we need to make sure that this is the the right emotion is actually something that's being held back and not something that's
 You know readily available just to help us understand what we're looking for. Okay, so let's say it's anger, right?
 Yeah, can you feel the anger?
 I'm not sure
 and
 that's
 I don't know
 Seriously, I don't know
 Yeah, okay. So can you breathe into that anger for a moment here?
 Using the gps can you welcome it?
 Can you breathe into it?
 And as you're doing that what has changed in the body when you do that what is changing?
 My toes relax a little bit your jaws relaxing a little bit. Yeah. Yeah
 Okay
 So this would actually complete almost the exercise because you know, she said immediately anger. I'm feeling anger and that's
 We define the emotion but just to be a bit skeptical here. I want to see maybe it could be something else
 So are you feeling?
 sadness
 Yeah, yeah
 You're sad and disappointed. Yeah, so breathe into sadness for me here
 And can you welcome that sadness?
 I think I can
 And and where in the body do you feel that right now?
 In my head
 In your head. Yeah
 Okay, and then we breathe
 Yeah
 Breathing into that sadness and welcoming it fully here
 It's okay to be sad
 To be disappointed even
 Acknowledging that you're sad
 I
 And now just for demonstration purposes, I'm gonna ask you about other emotions that might be present here
 So the thing is that we all have
 All emotions are available at all times
 in theory
 So whatever emotion is
 Where there's a reaction is the emotion that is most present at that moment
 So i'm going to ask you some other questions. Are you are you feeling shame?
 No, but I think I'm feeling I'm feeling guilty guilty. Okay. Yeah
 Can you welcome guilt?
 You
 Can you allow yourself to feel guilty
 It's hard to allow it's very hard. Yeah, um, yeah
 But see what happens when you actually welcome I feel guilty
 I I am guilty in a way. I feel that I feel guilty
 I
 Feel hot
 Hot yes
 So so now that guilt emotion actually that seemed to be the most causing the most change
 Like it seemed to be the most difficult relationship
 So that's good. You're feeling hot breathing into that life force that warmth that is flooding your body
 And see if you can expand it more into your body into your hands into your into your um
 Into your feet
 To your legs
 Yeah, I feel um tingling in my toes. Hmm
 You feel it tingling in your say again whole whole my toes in your toe in your toe. Yeah
 And and
 Stay present with this right now and really notice what has changed in your body since you've allowed the guilt
 You
 It's kind of like um relaxing
 I was I felt tension kind of and now I feel a little bit
 more
 Um, like losing up. I'm not completely there yet, but I feel a little bit more
 in
 Yeah
 Because guilt shame and fear are repressive forces. They split the system
 So when we allow them and welcome them
 They actually start to dissolve into life force and our body starts fragmenting itself starts coming back to peace
 So i'm glad that you can experience a little bit of that calmness of that peace now
 And um, I think that's a good point to end the exercise
 Yeah, so thank you so much
 Thank you for the demonstration. Yeah
 Thank you
 So this is what we're going to do now. We're essentially going to explore what happens when we just use this mechanism of like
 What are you feeling?
 What emotion are you feeling and then when they notice?
 um
 Then when there's the feeling of like, oh, um, I don't know what i'm feeling or i'm not really sure
 Then you start to make suggestions. Are you feeling sadness?
 Feeling anger just go through the list
 and notice that people might have matches with multiple emotions
 But usually it's the the the so you can explore you can
 In a healthy person you can tell them to feel anger now feel sadness now feel shame now and then they can tap into it
 Like an actor could do that a method actor for example
 um, but um
 for us we have
 Variable relationships to our emotions
 So whatever the usually the emotion that is
 Most held back
 To to increase the relationship to that emotion is usually the best thing we can do
 And when when the person is usually saying i'm angry right away or i'm sad or i'm this i'm that
 That's usually a sign that this is actually not so hidden this emotion
 And it might not be the emotion that is transformative for them
 But that doesn't matter just to keep that in mind
 when you're exploring
