 [Music]
 Fascia is a very special organ. It is not like the other organs. It is the matrix organ,
 an organ that contains all other organ systems. This is why it's so incredible. Every layer of
 your body is embedded by fascia. Just like if you were to open a orange, when you open the orange,
 it's surrounded, the skin surrounding it is the fascia. If you take out the piece of that
 orange, that piece is surrounded by fascia. If you break that piece, you have those little pieces
 inside. They're all surrounded by fascia. Fascia is a holarchy, a layer around a layer, around a
 layer, around a smaller layer. The entire body is embedded into this type of tissue. The funny
 thing is, is that we used to overlook this type of tissue. When a doctor cut open the stomach,
 they were like, "Oh, let's remove that really unnecessary tissue that is in the way here. Let's
 remove all of that. Let's cut through it. Let's remove that. It's just in the way of the actual
 organ we're trying to look at." But now, since 2005, that fascia have been thoroughly researched,
 now fascia have become sort of the star in bodywork world. Right? And rightfully so,
 because fascia connect our body throughout, it is in a sense not only a connective tissue that is
 binding and holding everything together, it is also a communication organ. This is so fascinating
 because what that means is that fascia is part of our neuroception, the way of sensing and feeling
 in our body. Fascia is not only contractile and contracts to stress responses, but fascia also
 can sense. They have proprioceptors and noticeptors and they can feel heat and cold pain
 where you are in your body. All this is being sensed just by the fascia. The fascia is
 communicating throughout your body in all directions and are part of your nervous system
 because they give you information, they give the body information about it themselves. There are
 a sensing and communication organ system and this is why they are so amazing and so important in
 this work what we're doing. Because when you touch the body, you always touch the fascia. You always
 in connection with that sensing organ that is embedded within and embedded throughout. Even
 in bones you have fascia. So this is quite a special organ system that we used to overlook.
 So it's sort of like the internet of our own body. It is something that we simply overlooked
 for years that we've now discovered as something so so so interconnected and so so so important especially for this type of work.
 So hi everyone today as the role father I am I would like to tell you something about the importance
 I think we find in fascia. So of course bones, muscles, any cell, any organ is very important
 for our survival and our well-being and at the same time the fascia is. Some people even say
 that you can take away all bones, all organs, all muscles out of the body and there are only fascia
 left and the fascia makes us stand the way we stand. It gives us the posture we have and even there is
 in the body world in Berlin one model that Robert Schleich created and this is a fascia model and we
 can see how beautiful all the fascia together holds us upright as human beings. It's basically
 very beautiful. So the fascia has a lot of functions for our musculoskeletal system and one is that it
 is part of the passive movement system and this means together with bones, with ligaments
 and with other structures it acts as the holding or binding apparatus of us. On the other hand of
 course it is part of the active musculoskeletal system. So with its very high sensitivity and
 flexibility it supports us in moving. So fascia consists of a large amount of collagen fibers
 and they occur in bundles and they make our shape. These structural proteins are found everywhere where
 we need stability, they are very tight and tense and they are not very stretchy. There are different
 classifications for the collagen we find in the body. We have type one. Type one collagen is mostly
 found in tendons and ligaments. Type two is around the organ sex. Type three this is what we find
 around blood vessels and the skin and type four this is the fascia that connects everything
 with each other. The second important component of fascia is elastin and as the word says it's
 elastic and it has the capability to stretch 1.5 times longer than the original length and it has
 the capacity to then when the stretch is over come back into its normal form again and this
 is some kind of a miracle. It is made possible by an ingeniously created network, a matrix of
 cross linked elastic fibers made of mechanoreceptors microfibrils and other cells. So the beauty here
 also is the interplay with the nervous system. So there is a very high amount of little nerve
 fibrils and there's a huge sensory interplay going on around fascia. So fascia has a matrix and this
 consists of course of water and then we have collagen, elastin, we have mechanoreceptors
 and we have these super nerve fibrils joining in and all of that depending on where the fascia
 lies doesn't have to be a holding apparatus or can it be an elastic apparatus. There the
 consistency of collagen and elastin is different. So due to this matrix of elastin, collagen and
 mechanoreceptors and also these nerve endings fascia play an important role in generating
 our force. So according to the elasticity we can stretch them and then let go until they're
 generating a huge amount of force and what fascia also does it supports our lymph system
 in transporting away with the fluidity of the poison or the toxic things we have in the body
 and then it is not the eye, not the ear, not the skin that supplies our body with the most
 sensory input. Now it is the fascia and so I come to the fascia as this organ that also
 senses emotions. So fascia is not what we originally thought that fascia is, fascia is not only the
 separation of structures in our body, fascia is not only our proprioceptive system, fascia
 is much more than this. Fascia perceives in the depths on how we stand, how we feel,
 how we position ourselves and then it can translate everything into our body system and
 into our mind system and from the mind to the body and from the body to the mind and from here to
 the outside world. So fascia basically is a connecting organs between ourselves and ourselves
 and between the world and ourselves and between ourselves and the world.
