 And the sun, we can look at the sun, but we're still in deep shit maybe, you know?
 It doesn't change the fact, but we can accept that we're in deep shit.
 But this defyment can help us to come out of deep shit.
 Because now we help the system to organize itself.
 And I want to do another demo with the same exercise.
 Now we use equalizing, and then we hit the resistance.
 We try to use defyment.
 So who wants to go? Yeah?
 Perfect.
 So, you wrote down, I think, four situations.
 Do you have a situation that you didn't cover with her?
 I would like to take the same again.
 Okay.
 Of course, I know that there's a lot of resistance in me in these situations.
 Okay, yeah. Okay.
 And what would you like to have as an outcome?
 Oh, sorry. What is the situation first?
 The situation is that if somebody wants me to do something I don't want to do.
 Yes.
 So, or expected something from me I don't want to do.
 Pressure, right? Yeah.
 And my outcome? Yeah.
 The outcome I would like to have is that it is accepted when I say no.
 Mm-hmm. Yes.
 How does it feel when people accept that you say no?
 Free. Can you allow to feel freedom in the situation?
 No.
 Can you allow that it's difficult to accept that freedom in the situation?
 Mm-hmm. Good. Now there's still the resistance, though, but you just can accept it.
 And now, where in your body do you feel the resistance?
 Yeah.
 This resistance is an emotion.
 Is this emotion connected to anger? Yes.
 And take a breath here.
 Is this anger related to a male or a female person?
 Mm-hmm. Do you know who this anger is related to?
 The father, yeah.
 And can you allow that this anger towards your father is here?
 Can you welcome that your anger to your father?
 Yeah.
 Yeah? Yeah.
 And how does it feel when you welcome that?
 It's getting softer inside of you.
 You claim your right to feel angry and resistance towards your father
 because you have the right to feel angry.
 Yes? Not yet?
 No. When you say I have the right to be angry, then there is a no.
 Yeah, you don't feel the right. Yeah.
 So there's resistance again, right?
 If the new goal is the right to feel angry, then you're like,
 no, there's resistance of the right to feel. Where do you feel this resistance in your body?
 Here. Yeah.
 Can you allow just for this moment that there's resistance there?
 And this resistance is an emotion.
 Is the emotion fear?
 Sadness.
 Sadness.
 Can you welcome that sadness?
 Sadness wants to be seen.
 Hmm.
 How does this sadness feel right now, or how do you feel right now?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 In my heart?
 Yeah.
 Beautiful.
 It's energy, pain, it's energy.
 Can you welcome that energy?
 So there's resistance there, right?
 Can you welcome that resistance?
 It's okay that you can't just feel the energy and allow it, yeah?
 And what in this resistance is an emotion?
 Yeah. Fear.
 It's okay to feel fear, to be afraid.
 Can you feel like it's okay to have fear, huh?
 Yeah. Can you welcome that it's hard to accept that fear is there, yeah?
 That's a step.
 Can you allow that fear is there now?
 No.
 So there's a resistance.
 How do you feel that resistance?
 What?
 Yeah.
 Your jaw?
 Mm-hmm.
 The fear to break?
 It's the fear to break?
 Fear to break, yeah.
 You can't allow to break apart, you mean?
 Can you allow that it's difficult to accept to break?
 Yes?
 Is it okay that it's difficult?
 Yes.
 It's okay.
 But it's also okay to break.
 What happens when you break?
 Death?
 Yeah.
 Good.
 Can you allow yourself to die?
 Yeah? Okay.
 How does that feel when you allow yourself that it's okay to die?
 Free, right?
 Thank you.
 Allow that freedom to be here.
 That freedom that you long for.
 Welcome it.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 That was such a gift for also this process,
 but also to see that and be able to navigate through that.
 Yes.
 So that's when we add definement as well.
 So we're not just going allow, allow, allow,
 but the resistance that is there, resistance is an emotion.
 When we identify the emotion, then we can deepen the process like you just saw.
 With you, it was so good and beautiful to see that the somatic address of the emotion, of the different emotions were very clear, right?
 So when you go here in my heart, here in my throat, here in my jaw,
 we know through the body map and that we're going to bring that together in the next module that the right to connect is violated, the right to connect in a way, the right to express,
 and also this was like you falling apart somehow, like this, holding together.
 Yes.
 So this was holding together here, holding back, holding together.
 And so it was very, if we have that information, we can actually use that and become better at identifying what is happening.
 But it was so, so natural how that unfolded.
 And so what you do is with definement, is you can first, you can always say a resistance is an emotion.
 So that's not something is, is a resistance an emotion?
 So sometimes you have to be like a masculine say, no, a resistance is an emotion.
 I'm saying this, this is, I'm making this claim.
 Because every time you prompt someone to ask, they have to use more resources to figure it out.
 And sometimes it's better to just say it's this, because it doesn't, you don't have the capacity to get asked a thousand questions a day.
 So it takes a lot of energy.
 So sometimes you say resistance is emotion.
 It's emotion is here.
 So it's something about the right to connect and stuff like this.
 So you take off things of their play to process, make it easier.
 When you become advanced, of course, you'll be more confident in doing that.
 But just say resistance is an emotion, and then you say, where do you feel the resistance?
 Point to where you feel the resistance.
 Then you ask, then you make suggestions about what the emotion is or who it is connected to.
 And that's the fine.
 Defining, if you can define it, you own it.
 That's a principle.
 That's a fundamental principle.
 So just using these two principles, you can, in a coaching setting, you can bring someone to a release.
 And now if you add like body work later, that's even going to be more powerful.
 And you can help people on Zoom.
