 Welcome to the third part of a course. In this part of the course I want to be
 introducing you to conversions. Conversions being the process or the skill
 of helping clients translate whatever we've been exploring so far their
 sensations and emotions into visual symbols. And I'm saying visual because
 usually what we'll be translating it into are visual symbols. It can also be
 mostly kinesthetic, mostly body symbols, but usually in this process it's easier
 for clients to work with whatever is going on if the symbols we are working
 on are visual. So we will be exploring how we can help people convert what's
 going on in their body, somatic, emotional into symbols, visual
 representations. To do this we will be building on everything you've been doing
 so far. This is why in every exercise I'll be explaining to you. I will be
 telling you to use your skills, meaning in the beginning of the exercise, login.
 Connected awareness, logging in with your client, starting the exercise with
 whatever you'll be starting with for now and for the next conversion exercises.
 These will be problems or resistances that people are having. Take them through
 somatic integration, what they are noticing in their body and then from
 that moving into defining emotions. You will be taking all the steps you've
 been covering so far as you go into each exercise for now. But then once you've
 done this we will be taking the emotions we have found or we have defined and we
 will convert them into symbols. That is the new step of these new exercises and
 I'll be taking you through specific conversions meaning different types of
 conversions you can do which can be phantom dialogue where we define an
 emotional. We convert an emotion into a phantom meaning a representation of a
 person in your life, past or present that might be speaking to you through
 these emotions and sensations. Another form of conversion will be parts work
 where we explore are these emotions and sensations connected to specific parts
 meaning a little kind of like little people kind of little versions of you
 oftentimes from the past sometimes from the present that are speaking to you
 through these emotions or sensations and we will be exploring a free conversion
 meaning the skills you need to pick up on different symbols that are already
 present in a person's inner world as you are working with them so that we don't
 have to define or convert them to a phantom we don't have to convert them
 to a part but we can just work with whatever and this is kind of a question
 mark is going on in the inner world already those are going to be the
 specific conversions we'll be covering and because this takes longer than what
 we've done in the past each exercise that includes conversions will be
 roughly 45 minutes as you're practicing that's the overview that's the intro now
 let's get into the specific exercises
