 This training in this technique is about to evolve into a radical shift as we move into
 conversions. Conversions means we are turning a sensation and emotion into a symbol. This is the
 language that the body is naturally speaking to us. Everyone can convert into a symbol. This
 language is ancient and it's deeply ingrained into how our subconscious functions. Just think
 about dreams. Dreams are this symbolic journey that we undergo every night even if we don't remember
 it. And there we process the most wildest elements of our lives. We process emotions,
 we process conflicts, we process conversations and people that we're not even aware of. We
 possess what we call a dream consciousness meaning there is a separate part of our memory that we
 don't have access to in our minds, in our day-to-day waking mind. But as we go to sleep,
 we visit places that we sometimes don't even know that we go to these places. So we live
 almost a separate life in our subconscious world. Many people report going to places sometimes for
 all of their lives, visiting dream homes or families that they never remember when they wake up but
 they remember as soon as they go into their dreams. And through using lucid dreaming techniques,
 you can find out what these places are. So understand that there's a whole world in your
 subconscious, a whole life in your subconscious that you're not tapping into. This is extremely
 radical stuff. And this is the kind of symbolic journey that we undertake when we go, for example,
 also on a psychedelic journey. It is truly transformational to dive with our consciousness
 into this world what some people call the subtle realm. And in the subtle realm, all the symbols
 have a connection to our real life. That's the important thing. And similarly, like if you would
 approach a psychedelic integration session, if you want to interpret your dreams, it is not as
 complicated as you might think. I'm going to give you just a little tip here. If you want to
 interpret a dream, for example, and there is the wild symbol of a flying pig that you were
 riding on, and it was it was riding straight into a volcano. If you would explain that to any person,
 you would say, I have no freaking idea what that even means that is wild that can't have any
 bearing to our day to day waking state. But that's not true. The questions we need to ask is, how
 did you feel riding the pig? Did you feel free? Did you feel excited? Did you feel scared? And once
 you ask that question, you go to the next question, which is, when in your life do you feel that kind
 of fear? When did you in your life do you feel that kind of freedom? Same with the volcano. Was
 the volcano scary? Was it exciting? Were you scared of it? Were you give was it giving you
 power? Were you feeling peaceful with it? Well, where do you feel that emotion in your real life?
 And what is your relationship to that emotion in real life? And that's how you get to interpret
 dreams and psychedelics symbolisms. So this can help you to help people integrate their dreams,
 or it can help people to integrate a psychedelic journey that involves symbols. And this is what
 we're talking about here. We're talking about an active dreaming process conversions is kind of a
 lucid journey where emotions and memories and traumas transform into vivid symbols,
 scenes and images. The essence of conversions is that it functions as a bridge between our
 conscious and our subconscious minds, creating a dialogue between the two. And when we're working
 with symbols, the classical symbol is the inner child, that's a symbol. So we're converting our
 inner experience, our sensations, our emotions into a symbol. This what we call the ICC, the
 imprinted consciousness container. It's the inner child is one example of a conversion. And these
 conversions are inspired and by the sensations and our subconscious processing. So they're never
 random, our image, our imagination is never random, our imagination is significant. Okay,
 it is important that we see it as what it is. On the other hand, there's sometimes called the
 Vishnu complex is when people over interpret the subtle realm when they give too much meaning to
 their ancestral symbols to their past life symbols, and they start believing that they're an
 extraterrestrial and all of this stuff. It's just information. It's just information about us. And
 it gives us an access to how we can work with our subconscious mind. Conversions can be used in many
 different ways. They can be used as diagnosis, they can be used for tracking, and they can be used
 for transformation. Let me give you an example. Conversions can be anything, let's say we allow
 our anger to be symbolized as a flame. And in the session that I had, for example, when I used a
 flame as a conversion, a client would see that the flame was small, and not really, not really a big
 fire, but a very small fire. And this was representing how much anger they were allowing in
 their body at that moment. So this is a diagnosis, right? This is showing us, this is serving as a
 window into subconscious, it's showing us and giving us insight of how much anger they can allow in
 that moment. And sometimes that's easier to welcome because this symbolistic language is ancient,
 it's wired in our subconscious, it's what this is how our mind works. And so this is the language
 that the mind likes to use. This is also what hypnosis works with hypnosis only uses this,
 and we're integrating it here into emotional release into a truly integrative approach. You can use
 these sessions throughout these symbols throughout to kind of track also your progress, you can leave
 this symbol, keep going with the process and then come back to the fire and see, oh, the fire is now
 way, way, way bigger, it's evolved into a giant forest fire, for example. But the most important
 part of it is that we can directly interact with these conversions with the fire, for example,
 we can ask the person to, can you make the fire bigger? And the fire becomes bigger, the fire
 becomes stronger, and then other sensations in the body arise, which we're keenly aware of.
 Resistances arise when the fire gets bigger, fear arises, and then we equalize that fear,
 for example. It can also be that we need to add wood to the fire. And we add wood to the fire or
 the fire is out of hand, and we need to actually make the fire less because there's too much fire
 in the system. And we take a bucket of water and put it on the fire, anything is possible here. You
 are essentially a video game designer, working this out. And this needs imagination, this needs
 creativity. But this is so interesting, because we're actually navigating almost a wakeful dream,
 a wake dream that leads to transformation of trauma and emotions. So this is super exciting. It needs
 creativity, it needs ability to tap in and to commit to the symbols that are arising, right? And
 there's different ways, you can different ways that we are going to explore conversions, we're
 going to explore the phantom dialogue, which is the kind of internal family systemic processes
 that happen with us. So whenever we were hurt, whenever there's an emotion, many, many times this
 emotion is tied to another person. And when this emotion is tied to another person, we can access
 the relationship to that person internally, which we call the phantom, then we can directly interact
 with that phantom with that person inside of you, you can act, you can interact with your best friend
 inside of you, you can interact with your ex boyfriend inside of you, you can interact with your
 father inside of you. And that interaction has an impact on your trauma and on your emotions, a
 direct impact. Not only that, this interaction also impacts the field, the quantum field, meaning
 that this interaction, I've seen this many times, that people were going into a session, healing
 things with their mother, healing things with their father, their phone was off as soon as they
 turned the phone off, their father called them for the first time in 20 years, or the mother
 initiates a forgiveness process that was never about to happen. So these kinds of things can
 really, really impact your real life. These things are really, really potent. And this is also what
 makes new motion is really unique, because I haven't seen approaches involving this layer of deep
 connection with other people that we unwind in the system. And it's very easy to do very intuitive
 because that's the language or mind is a natural speaking, we are constantly talking to people in
 real life. So our subconscious knows exactly how to do that. It's so easy for the couple subconscious
 to do that. That's the phantom dialogue, then we also have parts work and parts work is really
 about this radical new understanding and this radically new addressing of ourselves as not one
 ego, but multiple parts, multiple parts that all have different emotions, different responsibilities,
 different roles. And to explore that and just to see a person in through through the lens of seeing
 him as multiple parts is extremely helpful to distinguish where the blocked emotion is coming
 from and how to transform it because sometimes the block the blocking is coming from two parts
 that are interacting in a certain way. This is very intuitive stuff. This is stuff that you can
 easily apply because again, it's the language that the body is naturally speaking. And then
 we're going to move into free conversions, which is any symbol or any scene that might be available.
 Maybe you're processing emotions all of a sudden you are in the childhood home on the floor. That's
 without even the facilitator mentioning that you're all the sudden you're in you're feeling sad,
 you're in the on the floor, and you're there and you see yourself that way as you're processing
 the sadness, tapping into those vital symbolisms and scenes that are going on internally. That's
 what free conversions are. But free conversions is not only tapping into kind of the natural
 conversions that happen anyway, but it's also working with just creative symbols working with
 the fire that might be your anger or the waters that might be your intuition or
 the tree that might symbolize your womb. So free conversions are about really radically
 using your imagination of how you interact with the symbol. And this is really key here
 understanding that the important role is that any conversions, any conversion that you're using.
 It's about how do you interact with that symbol.
 Every symbol has a different way you can interact with it. I'm going to mention a few. Okay. So one
 is a tree, the process tree is one conversion that I came up with. And the process tree has
 different apples and some apples are ripe and some apples are not yet ripe. Then unwrap apples
 represent processes that are not yet ready. They're still part of the tree just like unwrap
 processes are still part of your protective mechanisms that you need. And so when we talk
 about when we go to this tree and we identify the apples that are ripe to be processed, we connect
 with the processes in the body that are ready to be processed. That's one symbolism. So there we
 have the interaction level of reaching out with our hands, plucking an apple and eating that apple
 and seeing what happens or reaching out and trying to pluck an apple and the apple just doesn't
 want to come off the tree. That's another option. We can enforce the apple to come off the tree,
 which I of course don't recommend, but there's different ways we can just work with that symbol.
 We can also put our hand on the tree and connect to the tree, ask the tree questions. That's one
 example. Another way is a door conversion. The door represents the protective mechanisms and so if
 the door is completely open, it means there's no protection. If the door is completely closed,
 it's protected a lot and anything in between represents something real.
