 For week nine of this course we will be stepping into conversions for the first time and we will
 be doing this with the phantom dialogue. Let's keep my image out of this for a second. The phantom
 dialogue is what we'll be diving in today and as always please use your skills, all the things
 you've learned, you've practiced already, meaning logging in, starting with a problem, going through
 somatic integration, defining whatever is happening in their body as an emotion, you will have to
 guide your client or your practice partner through all of these steps to then get to the phantom
 dialogue. Now, how do we get to the phantom dialogue? And this is where the process of conversion
 becomes important. You will have guided somebody through all of these steps and then as you are
 working with an emotion, we will build on the defined emotion and you will convert that into
 a symbol and you will be doing that through the question, this is the first question into this
 specific conversion process. Is this emotion that you have already defined connected to a male
 or female person? This is where we go from, oh, there is an emotion to let's convert it into a
 symbol, this phantom you can then interact with. Is this emotion connected to a male or female
 person? Once you have a, yes, it's a male or it's a female, you can start off by figuring out who
 that is and you start off by first starting off specific and then go into general. What does that
 mean? If you've heard, yes, it's a female person, you can ask, could this be your mother? Could this
 be your ex? Could this be somebody who's related to you, maybe your sister? And you will get more
 general with each question. You start off with specific questions because let's face it, a lot
 of times it's the mother or the ex or somebody like that. But if those questions come back, no,
 you can get more specific. Is this person related to you? Is this somebody who was close to you?
 Because somebody, sometimes it's not even somebody who was very close to you, but they had a big
 impact on you. So this is specific to general. And then once we know, okay, it's the mother or it's
 a teacher from primary school, then we are setting the frame for the phantom dialogue. The phantom
 dialogue meaning bringing that person as a phantom, that's this drawing here, the slightly opaque person
 here, as a phantom into the space to be able to dialogue with them. And this happens through setting
 the frame, which is saying, we are feeling this person right now, or you are feeling this person
 right now. So they are here. That's establishing they are here somewhere. Where are they in the
 space, figuring out the location? What does this person appear like? Maybe it's mostly a feeling,
 maybe it's a visual. We will try to get visual as we are working with these symbols. Is this person
 close or distant to you? So we're trying to establish where are they so that we can then
 communicate with them? That's the whole goal of all of these conversions, especially also the
 phantom dialogue. And this is the slide that you can then use to work with communicating with the
 phantom. And the slide is kind of organized in three sections. There are questions that are more
 directed towards the you, meaning the person you're working with, the client, your practice partner.
 There are questions that are more directed towards the phantom, meaning the representation, the symbol
 of the person they are interacting with. And there are questions that are more directed
 towards the interaction between them, meaning the relationship. I will get more into detail.
 But first, let's talk about phantom dialogue. Overall, phantom dialogue has the assumption
 that a lot of problems, a lot of symptoms, a lot of challenges, also physical,
 actually come down to specific things that couldn't be expressed in the past. So phantom dialogue
 tries to summon that person here. They are present right now, so that we can interact with them and
 we can express what couldn't be expressed in the past. And we will see, is there something you
 have to express? Is there something the phantom has to express? And as both of you are expressing,
 what's happening in the relationship? Something you have to express something phantom has to express
 while you express what's happening in the relationship. That's how the questions are
 organized. Let's go through them quickly. I won't read all of them just so you have an
 understanding of what the kind of questions are. So all the questions you will ask your client or the
 practice partner directly, how do you feel when you're with this person? How do you feel towards
 this person? What do you want to say to them? What do you want to say you couldn't express?
 Is there anything you've been wanting to say? We kind of ask, hey, what is it you want to say?
 What is it that was not able to be expressed? All of these are questions you can ask the client.
 Very similar questions for the phantom. There is a bit more of what is the energy emanating
 from them? What does their posture say? If their eyes could say something, what is that?
 All of these are kind of geared towards reading the phantom, kind of reading what's the implicit
 in how they are here that actually expresses something right now. But then beyond that,
 there are all the questions of, do you want to tell me something? Is there anything you want to
 say? How can I support you? Do you need anything from me? All of these questions that basically
 go into, does this phantom need anything? Did this phantom want to say something that this person
 in my relationship with them have something that couldn't be expressed? So both, do I,
 as the practice partner in this case, have something to say? Does the phantom have something to say?
 And as we are doing all of these expressions, things to express, we will see, we will see, hey,
 as the phantom is sharing that with you, can you acknowledge that you see the phantom?
 We can, as a facilitator, also say, I see that, I see the pain. We can ask the client again and again,
 how is it for you to hear this, to say this, to express this? We can go back to, how does the
 phantom react when you say that? So all of these relationship questions are basically all about
 exploring the relationship as one of them expresses something, what happens in the other,
 as the other one expresses something, what happens in you back and forth, back and forth.
 That's the foundation of the phantom dialogue. And then after you've done the phantom dialogue,
 come back for feedback.
