 Okay, there was many different things that I used here. I'll just break them down. What was I doing?
 There was generally just this phantom dialogue is saying you think about this person. This person is here done
 You're just establishing that more you're establishing that this person is
 In this room because you're thinking about them and on a quantum level
 What happens also now that she's changing the relationship here. There's changing something within him and he can't be on the other side
 You can be in Australia something changes after this many times doing a process all of a sudden the mother starts to forgive
 writes a text message for the first time that they see what they're done and stuff like that like
 There's so many examples of this and maybe you'll see that for yourself
 So this person is here with you and then you can be when they're lying down
 Maybe you don't have to do it
 You can also make a 3d kind of
 Assessment like is this person standing on the left on the right how far away you can do that?
 You don't have to and or you can go straight to the eyes
 So the eyes they will immediately
 Connect you with the state of the other person or you just say what's what energy is emanating from them when you can't see the
 Eyes and if the eyes could speak what would they say?
 So then you're tuning into their language again getting that information about the relationship there
 I was just checking the connection checking. How is the flow between the two giving receiving of course?
 I noticed there there was something off this role ego kind of thing of like I need to take care of you and
 There's of course then very commonly
 Anger is the part that we don't allow if we take care of someone the anger is split off ask her where in the body
 It is the emotion. That's always a question. Where is it in the body?
 Because there was resistance there. She pointed to stomach stomach anger. I introduced parts work, right?
 We worked with parts before and this is parts work
 It's like you go meta on yourself
 You go kind of like take a step back from yourself and analyze who am I and who are my different parts in that situation and so
 With that high activation
 I felt like there's this warrior within her that wants to express and all that and that's so important that that warrior has space to express
 All she wants but also then to see what does that warrior really need and then getting
 Unblending that saying taking a step back from that warrior taking a step back from that part and then witnessing that part sensing into
 What does this part actually need from me?
 Also the connection now between me and that part is the connection flowing. Do I like this part?
 What is my connection to this the relationship between that part is so so so important because it's a part that you will need a
 many many different situations
 With many different people where she needs to make form a boundary where she took the tear take a role
 So it's very very useful that she has now a better relationship that she can come back to in different times and connect with her and
 And talk to her by myself in the morning say hey, where's my warrior right now?
 Ah, there she is and what do you need right now and have this kind of relationship with yourself
 So I was combining parts work with the phantom dialogue, but the phantom dialogue is essentially you're checking back and forth also
 What do I want to say what do they want to say?
 What is my reaction to what they say? What is their reaction to what I'm saying? There you have two conversions parts conversion
 Turning something into a part looking for the eyes
