 Hello and welcome to the exercises for the somatic evolution course. This is the
 first video. In this video I want to give you an intro and an overview to the
 exercises. It covers who I am, the structure of the exercises and how to
 practice. Let's go. Let's go to the partner exercises. This is important
 because the whole course is structured in partner exercises, meaning for each
 week of the course you should practice at least once with somebody. Now it's not
 structured in such a way that you have one fixed or stable partner, but rather
 that you will come to a course or you can come to a course where you will be
 assigned a partner life. Now this partner might not have the same level as you.
 You might be in week eight of the course and they might be in week one of the
 course and this is fine because the course is structured to have independent
 exercises. You know what you will practice in this week. You know how much
 time it takes and then in the call you have 30 minutes each to practice on
 each other and you can practice your practice for week eight. They can practice
 their practice for week one and it's fine. You can just practice with each
 other and that's why these instructions that I will be giving you are important
 because they are all about what you need to know for your practice in that week.
 And I want to give you an example of how these exercises are structured and are
 building on top of each other. So this is the practice for week one. It's about
 bringing the master state into the call. I won't even go into much detail, but
 basically if you're in week one this is the handout for your practice and you
 can guide your partner through this and just so you know all of these written
 words are usually about what you can ask or guide your partner through. Now
 moving on the exercises will get more complex and for instance this would be
 week two about that covers the first somatic integration exercise and as you
 can see what you have learned before connected awareness and logging and
 bringing the master state into the practice is kind of assumed here. So
 basically this means when things are next to the main exercise of the day it's
 just assumed go through the steps that you have already learned here and then
 build on top of that. So basically each exercise builds on the last. I will
 pretend like you understood the last exercise you did. If you have questions
 and you're reading a word there that's like what does logging in mean again? Go
 back to that exercise it gives you all the instructions and you can use the
 handouts like that just to give you one more example in one of the latest
 somatic integration exercises. The steps you had in session two localizing,
 describing and monitoring are assumed. I assume you know what those questions
 mean and how to do that and then the questions are just for the new steps
 including connected awareness and even how to open the session. So basically for
 each week there will be an explicit exercise. It will build on the exercises
 before that and I ask you to follow these exercises. In detail that means you can
 practice on Zoom. There will be live Zoom calls for that and before each
 practice please watch this video. This is the overview video. There will be one of
 these for each week. Have the handout available for that practice. You can have
 it available electronically. I would actually recommend printing it and make
 such a difference to have something in your hand to have it to be able to write
 on it to take notes etc. And then knowing what you will be practicing, having it
 ready, come to the Zoom call, find a partner, they know what they're doing, you
 know what you're doing, you can practice with each other. That's the structure for
 this course. I'm looking forward to introducing you to all of these
 practices and let's go!
