 Welcome to the self-holding meditation. Make yourself comfortable.
 Welcome to the holding yourself meditation.
 The holding yourself meditation was designed to create an access to your inner space of awareness
 so you can create and foster your own master state.
 To hold yourself not much is needed.
 All you need to do is allow yourself to be who you are and then also staying alert.
 So find a comfortable position in your chair, on your cushion and adjust your seat accordingly so you feel comfortable.
 Allow the weight of your body to be supported by your spine and legs and allow yourself to rest in yourself.
 Let us begin.
 Become aware of your feet and become aware of your lower legs.
 Become aware of your knees and become aware of your upper legs.
 Become aware of your hips, your buttocks.
 Let your resting on.
 Become aware of the lower part of your spine.
 Become aware of your lower back.
 Your middle back and your upper back.
 Become aware of your lower belly and your upper belly.
 Become aware of your chest and your upper body, the ribs, the heart space, and the shoulders.
 Become aware of your arms, your elbows, your forearms, and your hands.
 Bring your awareness to your throat and to your neck.
 Become aware of your head and now that you've brushed most parts of your body with your awareness, you are ready.
 Meditation has never been this simple. All you're doing is giving yourself permission to be who you already are.
 There's nothing to do here. You don't need to create any type of special mental state or focusing.
 You just allow yourself to be who you are, to be who you already are.
 There's nowhere else to be except to be here.
 There are no thoughts you need to think or thoughts you need to avoid.
 There's nowhere else to be except to be here, nowhere else.
 There's nothing to become. You don't need to become anyone. You don't need to skip to the next moment.
 You just allow yourself to be with this awareness.
 And as you allow yourself to be how you are, without trying to create any kind of mental state, any type of thoughts, or any kind of state, you're not trying anything here.
 You're just here and alert. You are aware that you are aware.
 And this is holding yourself because you're truly being with yourself.
 You're letting yourself be who you already are. Nothing to do. Nothing to become.
 Nowhere to be except to be here, now.
 That's all your soul wants. That's all your soul wants.
 Being there for yourself, in a sense holding yourself.
 And take a big breath here with me. And out with a sigh. Two more.
 And one last one. Breathing in and out with a sigh. Letting go.
 And as you're letting go, I want to ask you a question. Can you welcome this moment?
 Can you accept this moment?
 And what are you feeling right now? What state is coming up as you are holding yourself?
 Being aware of yourself. What emotion are you feeling?
 Locate that emotion in the body. That sensation, that resistance.
 Where in the body are you feeling a resistance, a sensation, or an emotion?
 Allow yourself to breathe from that place. Breathing in, out with a sigh.
 Now can you accept that this resistance is there?
 Can you welcome it? And if you cannot, can you welcome it a little bit?
 Can you welcome it 20%?
 Maybe you can welcome it 50%.
 And maybe you can welcome it 100%. And if not, that's okay too.
 Breathing in, out with a sigh.
 Notice what it feels like when you are holding yourself, when you're present with yourself.
 And notice if anything is coming up for you right now, and you being present with it.
 I want to congratulate you for completing today's session of holding yourself.
 And taking a small step towards building a powerful master state.
