 Welcome to this guided release, total surrender.
 So sit on a relaxed posture, on a chair, or on a cushion.
 Set aside some time where no one will distract you.
 Use a space that you feel safe in and where you can make noise.
 You will close your eyes for the duration of this guided release.
 And let go of the idea of what you think a release has to look like.
 Whatever picture you have in your mind, it's not it.
 Just put it aside and remain curious and alert here.
 All we are going to do is welcome more and more of this moment.
 Take a couple of deep breaths here and allow gravity to settle you into the seat.
 Allow yourself to be just raw and vulnerable.
 Don't try to meditate here.
 Do not try to manipulate your experience in any way.
 Don't try to create any kind of special mental state.
 Do not try to create or avoid any thoughts.
 All you are doing is surrendering to how this moment is already.
 And you are here, focused and alert.
 Paying your attention to your body.
 Feeling the weight of your body.
 You are slowly sinking deeper into your body.
 And you are not trying to do this.
 Do not try to do this.
 But simply allow to sink into your body.
 Notice how awareness is sinking into your body.
 Feeling your head and feeling your hands with more awareness.
 Feeling your arms with more awareness.
 Allow the front of your upper body to be filled with awareness.
 And allow your back, your entire back to be filled with awareness.
 Coming in.
 Allow your entire upper body to be filled with awareness.
 The front and your back of your body.
 Now feel the back of your legs where you are sitting on to be filled with awareness.
 Now allow the top of your legs, the front to be filled with your awareness.
 Just place your attention here.
 How do your feet feel?
 Allow also your feet to be filled with awareness.
 Now focus on your upper body, the entire upper body.
 And now focus on your entire lower body, front of your legs, your feet and the back of your
 legs.
 All of it at once.
 Now focus on your upper body, entire upper body, arms, chest, stomach, back, back of
 your head and shoulders.
 And now switch back to your lower body.
 And switch slowly back and forth between your upper and your lower body, upper body, lower
 body, upper body, lower body, good.
 Now just allow your attention to fall on your body as a whole without focusing on anything
 in particular.
 We are now going to start the surrendering process.
 Notice how your mind is resisting fully being here.
 It's thinking when is this over or what is going to happen next.
 Can you notice this?
 This resistance?
 Great, and now welcome this resistance.
 Can you allow this resistance to be here fully for a moment?
 Don't try to do anything, to push anything, just allow what is there to be there.
 Become soft with this, and focus on your upper body.
 Where do you feel this resistance to the present moment in the body?
 Maybe it's resistance or tightness in your chest, shoulders, face, stomach, arms or legs.
 Or maybe it's a lightness, a sensation.
 It doesn't matter what it is, even if you feel nothing.
 Can you welcome it?
 Can you allow yourself to have resistance to this moment?
 Give yourself permission here.
 Inhale through the mouth, and out with a sigh.
 And really allow to use your voice here.
 There might be some resistance here at first, and that's totally welcome, one more time.
 Inhale through the mouth, and out with a sigh.
 Use your voice, one last time, make the sigh much louder than before.
 Inhale through the mouth, and out with a sigh.
 Okay, now allow yourself to let go of the resistance.
 Can you let that resistance go?
 Don't try to let it go, just allow what wants to go, go.
 If that's 1%, or 100%, that's fine, even if it's just 1.1%.
 Then you let that part of the resistance go.
 Inhale through the mouth, and out with a sigh.
 Now notice what is changing in your upper body.
 And notice what is changing in your lower body as you are trying to let that go.
 Maybe there is resistance, or tightness in your chest, shoulder, arm, legs, on the face,
 just a sensation somewhere, your body is constantly changing.
 Maybe you feel nothing, or it's hard to detect, but just allow your attention to draw you
 wherever it wants to go in the body.
 Just focus on that.
 Doesn't matter what it is, just focus on one thing.
 And don't try to do anything with this.
 Just invite this feeling in.
 And just witness.
 Just witness some more.
 Notice how it's changing.
 Only check for yourself what is changing.
 Now focus back to your lower body.
 Your upper body, lower body, your upper body is letting go.
 And your lower body is letting go.
 Your upper body is letting go more and more, and your lower body is letting go more and
 more.
 Now notice your entire body as a whole, nowhere specific, just your entire body, and take a
 deep breath in and out with a sigh.
 One more time, take a deep breath in, out with a sigh.
 See if you can invite more of yourself to be here.
 Only invite more of yourself, of your being to be present here.
 Calling upon all your parts to come to this moment.
 Notice how you are more alert and present.
 Give yourself permission to just be how you are.
 Not trying to change anything, allow yourself to be how you are.
 Be how you are.
 How you are.
 Now cancel all plans of the mind, there is nothing to do here.
 Nothing to do here, nothing to do here.
 Notice what's coming up for you, and surrender to that, surrender, surrender.
 Cancel all plans of the mind you have right now.
 There's nothing to fix, there's nothing to fix here.
 There's nothing to heal here, nothing to heal.
 There's no one to become here, you don't need to become anyone.
 And there is nowhere else to be right now, nowhere else to be, nowhere else to be except
 to be here in this moment.
 That's all your soul wants.
 This is all your soul wants to be here, fully.
 Take a big breath in, out with a sigh, isn't that relieving?
 Surrender to that, surrender to that.
 There's nothing to fix.
 Nothing to heal.
 Nothing to do here, you don't need to do anything.
 There's no one to become, there's no one to become.
 Whatever you draw yourself out to become, let go of that.
 You don't need to become anything other than what you are now, and you don't need to be
 anywhere else, you are right where you're supposed to be, right here.
 There's nowhere else to be except to be here.
 That is all your soul wants.
 That is all your soul wants.
 That is all your heart wants, and that is all your body wants to be here.
 Surrender.
 Notice what is changing in your body.
 Is there tension building up, or is there lightness coming through?
 Whatever it is, allow it to be there, invite it in.
 In a little bit, just a little bit, it's allowed to be here.
 There's nothing to fix.
 You're not broken.
 You're not on a journey, the journey is over.
 There's nothing to heal.
 There's nothing to do, you don't need to accomplish anything great.
 If you cannot be present with this moment, you're not here.
 And that's what it's all about, just to be here.
 There's nothing to do, nothing.
 There's no one to become.
 You don't need to be anyone else, in any other shape than what you are now.
 There's nowhere else to be.
 Home is here.
 Be home here.
 There's nowhere else to be, except to be here.
 That's all your soul wants.
 That's all your soul wants.
 Surrender, surrender, surrender.
 Notice what is changing in your body.
 There's resistance building up.
 That's okay.
 Then welcome this resistance and take a deep breath in, out with a sigh.
 And this resistance, or this sensation of lightness, whatever it is you're feeling,
 can you be vulnerable with it?
 Can you allow yourself to be vulnerable with it?
 Allow yourself to breathe into that.
 Now notice where in your body you're feeling sensation.
 Just notice this place, maybe it's in the middle line, an emotion, sensation, resistance,
 lightness, whatever it is.
 Just focus on that and just witness it.
 Just witness it.
 And this sensation is also an emotion or has an emotional component.
 Is it fear?
 Is it anger?
 Is it sadness?
 Is it shame?
 Is it guilt?
 Is it joy?
 Whatever it is, try to feel what resonates most with this.
 Name that emotion for yourself and breathe into that emotion.
 Don't get caught up with it, but if you feel a resonance, name the emotion and just be
 with it.
 Hey, you're welcome here.
 I'm here for you.
 Feel that emotion, I see you.
 Big breath in, out with a sigh, surrender more.
 Allow the rest of your body to vibrate with that emotion.
 Can you feel that emotion in your left arm?
 Can you feel that emotion in your right arm?
 Can you feel that emotion in your upper chest?
 Can you feel that emotion in your throat?
 Can you feel that emotion in your face?
 And what face does this emotion want to make?
 Sad, angry, happy?
 Whatever it is, make the face and notice what is changing in your body.
 Take a deep breath in and out with a sigh and just be with this state right now.
 Whoever wants to come, let it come.
 Take a deep breath in and out with a sigh and just be with this state right now.
 And notice if your feet are still there.
 Notice if your legs are still there, and your upper body, your hands.
 Then it's subtle and casual how you are right now.
 Great, that's it.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for allowing yourself to be how you are.
 Until next time, many blessings.
