 We're going to talk about what master state really means.
 Master state simply means an unconditional space-holding.
 And when you say space-holding, that might sound simple and easy to do,
 but when you practically try to do it, it's not simple and it actually takes years to master.
 But this is, like I said, one of the most profound principles of healing.
 So many people get it wrong when they try to hold space for someone.
 See, here's how you do it.
 When you hold space for someone, don't try to see them as a problem.
 Don't try to solve them on a mental level, on a logical level, giving them advice about what they should do.
 Because most problems are not logical, but emotional in nature.
 I always say there are no problems, only emotions that you don't want to feel.
 So when you hold space, you are there listening or in a session,
 you're just there non-judgmentally in a caring way, being present for them.
 See, we are conditioned to be not allowed to feel.
 You are not okay if you're vulnerable and that leaves a mark on our sense of self-worth.
 If it's not accepted from your family that it's okay to be vulnerable, that it's okay to get angry,
 that you're not allowed to be happy or not allowed to show your sexual side,
 then expressing that which is not accepted in your family is connected with shame
 and a sense of "I'm not okay" with that. That's a sense of low self-worth.
 Throughout families, this is enforced by a network of shame that runs through the family.
 A kind of unspoken contract that the family has about what behaviors are deemed okay and not okay.
 And we as children, we feel this pressure inside of our body.
 And we adjust accordingly that we feel accepted and connected to our parents.
 For example, if your mother is always pessimistic and sad
 and you're this like cheerful, happy dude and wanting to storm the world,
 she's not going to accept that. It's too confronting for her.
 And so she's subconsciously going to shame you and blame you, not even consciously,
 and you're going to feel that it's not okay for this type of expression.
 And that creates a mark in your sense of self-worth.
 This makes you self-conscious in this expression and creates resistance around a particular expression
 that was not allowed in your family.
 So when you're holding space for someone, when you're in master state,
 you're really giving them permission to be who they truly are.
 This resistance that a person feels to go into that expression that wasn't allowed
 and wasn't deemed okay and you're giving them that permission to be there,
 then that resistance can melt away and that is so incredibly healing.
 It gives someone the allowance to be who they truly are and how they truly are.
 And for most people, it's probably their first experience of ever having that permission.
 This allows them to feel a wider range of emotions and thus a wider range of who they are.
 And that has a tremendous effect on your self-worth when it's okay to be who you are.
 So typically, when holding space, there are three main mistakes that people make.
 And the first mistake is one I already mentioned is staying on the mental level
 and not connecting empathically with the problem.
 You're going about this person that has emotional suffering.
 You're going about it as a problem that you're trying to fix and trying to solve
 and you want to give good actionable advice or new perspectives.
 That doesn't necessarily help when the person is not allowed to feel how they are.
 It can deflect from their feelings and emotions and it can validate the resistance
 they already have about those emotions.
 So that adds up with their own resistance to the emotion and now you're adding on to that.
 That is not a conducive environment in space where the emotion can come up.
 Another mistake I see a lot that not many people talk about in space holding
 is done many times by very empathic beings or many times women do this in emotional release.
 Someone breaks out and crying showing their vulnerable side and the instinctive reaction is to be overly motherly
 and just be like, oh, it's okay and don't cry and go in this kind of soothing and comforting way.
 And this can actually trigger another resistance to deeper emotions.
 So this is when the crying is also a strategy to be seen as weak and as non-threatening.
 And so when we have someone who in childhood needed to be in this victim mode
 to seem non-threatening and non-confrontational and to get their way,
 this emotional range of crying and vulnerability is not really an authentic emotion, what we call it.
 It's more of another defense mechanism to underlying helplessness or even anger.
 So going into this soothing, like over comforting space holding is also not conducive of healing taking place.
 The third mistake people do when holding space is not having enough boundaries.
 So you feel too much of their emotions.
 You're too involved in their emotions trying to save them and you're not in touch with your body anymore.
 You're kind of sacrificing your own life energy, your own dignity.
 And you're not able to manage your own energy while empathically holding space.
 And so understand that holding space in master state means you're balancing these two polarities.
 You're either too far in connection, empathically feeling and kind of wanting to save them
 or you are disconnected from them, not feeling their emotions and trying to solve them on a logical level.
 And so what you want is you really want to come into the middle where you are connected with them.
 You can feel their emotions, but you're also within your own boundary.
