 So, what you have to understand, whenever your body is self-organizing, your body is
 creating new cells, is regenerating all the time, every single millisecond.
 And the same goes for the healing process.
 There is a self-organizing principle, always at work.
 The same principle as creating a baby, the same principle that is growing a flower.
 There's an intelligence there, a software, if you will, that is organizing itself.
 And this organizing principle can be accessed through different channels, three different
 channels, to be exact.
 And this is what I'm going to talk about here.
 When we're in session, we're always checking in what is changing in the client.
 And this change can happen on these three different channels, the different perspectives
 of reality, different levels of the physical awareness that we can tap into to see where
 the healing is going at the moment.
 The first channel is the sensational channel.
 Sensations are throughout the entire body, our felt sense encompasses our entire body.
 In Vipassana, for example, a 10-day meditation retreat, all you do is body scans.
 You scan your body up and down, up and down.
 I've done this around two times each 10 days.
 And what you'll notice is that while you're sitting there and you're scanning your body,
 that every fiber of your being has a sensation if you just look close enough.
 So your awareness can penetrate through almost, I would say, every part of your body when
 you really focus on it, you can feel it.
 You can start to waking up the parts of you that were numb.
 And so the sensational channel is the most baseline channel of our physical awareness.
 It's developed the earliest from all the three channels, and it's the channel that is the
 most primal, the most basic rudimentary channel.
 Sensations includes pain, pulsing, itching, tingling, pressure, heaviness, lightness, burning,
 heat, cold, hunger, contraction, and expansion.
 All of those are sensations.
 Really every physical sense is a sensation.
 It could be breaking down to be said, it's a sensation.
 And we can even feel outside of our body.
 We can pick up, our nervous system is made to pick up more than just our own body.
 But we can, we sense that within ourselves.
 We sense the world within us.
 And so this is the most rudimentary channel we have in mind.
 We have access to.
 On this level, we can watch so many things shift.
 This is like looking at the building blocks of a building.
 This is very rudimentary.
 Then we have the emotional channel.
 Emotions are also sensations, but there are like a juicier, more developed type of sensation.
 Emotions are made from sensation, but they're more developed, more intelligent, maybe.
 But what the main difference is between a sensation and an emotion is that an emotion
 is kind of closer to our soul.
 An emotion feels more personal, more close to our heart, if you understand what I'm saying.
 And in the body awareness, emotions are usually felt around the center line.
 Can be felt at the throat, at the heart, or lower, but usually always in the center line.
 So emotions are a different frequency, a different bandwidth, a different type of level than sensations.
 They're kind of different.
 They have a different quality, even though there are sensations.
 They have a different, they have a juice in them, that sensations simply don't.
 They touch you on a very different level, fear, anger, sadness, guilt, shame, anti-emotions.
 They suck in your sense of self much more.
 And then the third type of channel that we can experience the self-organization principle
 in our body is the soul vision channel.
 The soul vision channel is images, symbols.
 This is where we dream from, memories, colors.
 We see people, scenes, places, objects, animals, and shapes.
 This is where we dream from.
 This is where we really can tap into a higher intelligence of the self-organizing principle.
 The symbolism has so much more specific information ingrained in it that we can tap into.
 It's the most developed part of our channels of experience.
 And if we can access this, we can really get very specific information, like how old the
 trauma is, who it relates to, what qualities are inherent to it.
 We can get very deep insight from this level, and it can be people.
 And then we call it a phantom dialogue, when you're healing a situation that's related
 to another person, so a relational wound, you could say, a relational wound is happening
 in relation with another person.
 And so this person has said something, or you said something to a person, all that information
 is inside the healing container.
 And once we unravel that, all that information can be grasped through having an image of
 that person.
 You can also see animals, and animal can embody different qualities that you're either afraid
 of, or they can give you a power, a resource.
 And it's the qualities that this animal embodies that you're coming in touch with, that this
 animal symbolizes.
 Even colors can be associated with an emotion, places that you've been to.
 So your entire dreamscape, if you could map out your entire dreamscape, everything you've
 ever dreamed, is somewhere some part of your subconscious, and represents some part of
 your being.
 Just like every part of your body represents some part of your being, every dream you ever
 had is still stored somewhere inside of you.
 And those places, and those memories from your childhood, all that stuff comes together
 in the subconscious, and represents a part of you, an aspect of you that you want to
 have contact with, that you want to come back and touch with.
 So working on the SoulVision channel can be extremely potent to get in contact with specific
 aspects of your psyche.
 And what we generally do is that we understand where the client is, and what channel he prefers,
 and what channel he's avoiding.
 So some people, they're very psychic.
 They want to go on the SoulVision channel, but it'd be super important to ground them
 in a sensational channel.
 So around people who are too physical, and closed up in the third eye region, you want
 to open them up to symbolisms, and get more information, and get the process going.
 So we're always aware, like, when we're in a session, "Oh, I'm on this channel.
 I'm on the SoulVision channel.
 Now I'm switching back on the emotional channel, because there's more movement there having
 on that channel, then the movement stops, I need more information."
 So go back to the SoulVision channel, more movement is happening there.
 Go back to the sensational channel to ground all that information that just came in, into
 the body, where is it happening in the body, to stay grounded, to stay connected with that
 vehicle.
 And the deeper the roots are, you would say, the deeper you go into the sensational channel,
 the higher you can go into the SoulVision channel, usually, in a grounded matter.
 So just keep in mind that these three channels of experience always exist, and are always
 happening, and you can tune into either one of them, at all times.
