 So trauma simply is a Greek word for wound and the Buddhists already have a concept that
 really describes how trauma can be created throughout our lives. So there is this concept
 of sankara. A sankara there are three different intensities. One sankara can be a line on the
 water. One second it's there the next second it's gone. That would be a very mild kind of
 wounding where maybe someone gave you a bad look or said something that you were kind of
 put off by. One second you think about it the next second you already forgot. Then there's the
 second intensity which is the line on the sand on the beach. All day it's there and at the evening
 the waves have washed it away. It could be for example a fight with a loved one where you think
 about it in the shower you think about at work you come home at night and the next morning
 you've let it go. And then there is the third intensity which is the sankara on rock. A deep
 deep traumatic incision that can last a lifetime. And so what's understanding here is that when we
 talk about the idea of sankara we're talking about shark trauma. To understand the difference of
 shark trauma and developmental trauma in this concept is very easy. Shark trauma is the event
 that overwhelms the system in one moment. And developmental trauma is when a sankara on water
 that is repeated over and over again turns into a sankara on the beach which is then repeated over
 again turns into a sankara on stone. And that's how you can differentiate developmental trauma
 trauma that accumulates over a period of time and trauma that happens from one small or very
 strong event. A classical trauma situation would be for example a car accident. There is a such
 a shocking situation that your system is unable to witness all of the things happening. And as a
 protection your mind shuts off. Your witnessing capability shuts off. And you almost many people
 describe as leaving your body. You go out of the body and another part of your system takes over.
 It's called the me. The instinctual part of yourself that can pick up a phone or run as fast as you
 can without thinking about it just takes over without you really deciding or being present there.
 That's but that's more classical idea of trauma. What we now have to understand
 is that trauma is a day-to-day reality and in new emotional release we don't call it trauma that
 often. We call it an imprint because that's all it is. We're all imprinted by life. Everybody who's
 living is imprinted by life because we're living in a society that has essentially forgotten how
 to feel. And because we have forgotten how to feel and process our emotions we kind of
 keep carrying around imprint after imprint and unable to come and bring those blocked emotions
 into a resolution. So it's very simple to understand. An imprint in a blocked emotion
 is almost the same thing. An imprint creates a blocked emotion. A situation where your mind
 has to go into a survivor mode creates the blockage of that aspect that you were supposed to be
 processing and stores it within the body. So we have to radically rethink what we think emotions are
 just as feelings because our whole system is an interchanging system. A matrix sounds kind of cool
 but it's interwoven. Everything, every thought has an emotion. Every emotion is creating thoughts
 around it. So everything in consciousness in the body is not like you can take an organ and say
 here this is the beginning of the organ and this is the end. Everything is blended together.
 And so many times when we hear the word trauma we think something really terrible happened like
 a car accident. I think the first association with trauma. But it kind of takes away
 of how life imprints us every single day and how we as humans are making an experience
 every single day of being imprinted. So I don't use the word trauma that much because
 if we think trauma we're going into this definition of something dramatic, something
 trauma means wound, something that shouldn't have happened is this first association.
 But an imprint can be something really really subtle. It can be something like
 for example have you ever had the experience of losing something?
 Like you lost some item, some important item, a key and you all day you've been like
 where is this damn item? Where is my weed? Where's my whatever? And you're just like
 I can't find it. It must be somewhere where's my clothes? Where's my scarf?
 And it really takes you out of the present moment, right? It really takes you away.
 And so in a sense that already is an imprint because it's an anticipation there that something will
 find a resolution. The resolution in that case would be you find the scarf or the missing item.
 And so similarly trauma blocked emotions. They're different words for the same things.
 Imprint are simply in a way emotions that we couldn't finish feeling.
 If your father promised you to go on a boat trip in the summer when you were really young
 your whole system is still going to be like as an adult when is this boat trip? This boat trip
 didn't happen like and you're going to attract people maybe with boats maybe men because you're
 still trying your system is trying to find a resolution there. And so an emotion a blocked
 emotion is simply an aspect that is trying to find a resolution. Every part of the body
 is trying to self-organize and come together. It's trying to heal and come together. And so
 we have to understand that that's a natural process of our system that is constantly trying to do
 this by themselves. Is there's just that our mind and our ego is in the way of this natural healing
 capacity to activate? Yeah let's take a look at how this imprint mechanism really works.
 So we have we can we can make kind of like a understanding of different intensities.
 In Buddhism for example there's a word for this imprint. Long since long times we have
 words to describe this imprint in the psyche. And in Buddhism we call it sankara and it's
 like a line on the water. One moment it's there and the next moment it's gone. Can somebody name
 an example of what would be that kind of an imprint? What could be in what could be a situation
 that is one moment it affects you and the next moment you already let it go.
 Does anybody know?
 Yeah?
 Yeah beautiful example another example what could it be yeah.
 Beautiful yeah what else?
 Exactly we're expanding the idea what trauma is that's an imprint. Yeah so we all have this is
 a daily occurrence right we're reacting to our environment it leaves a little mark next minute
 it's gone we felt it we proceeded but then there's also the things the sankara which is like a line
 on the beach all day it's there and in the beginning the ocean has washed it away right
 that's a little bit stronger right what could be a good example of that. Does anybody know yeah?
 Yeah exactly we're still in the showers. Yeah
 Yeah depending on how strong you are feel involved by this yeah a breakup would probably be a little
 bit stronger but it's also yeah it could be yeah a small breakup it was just your side your side
 your boy toy isn't coming anymore so it's a small trauma.
 Any other examples?
 And then there is the and then there's the sankara on rock right put in stone strong
 and this maybe it can last even a lifetime because it's so deep
 and so have you ever heard of developmental trauma the word developmental trauma yeah do
 you know what it is no no so there's two there's two there's two there's different ways you can get
 traumatized you would say shock trauma and that would be this there's a strong
 imprint on rock say an example for example what would be a strong imprint
 yeah my mother once forgot me at the fuel station yeah that can be dramatic for a child how old were
 you about eight yeah and that's you know it doesn't sound bad for an adult but it's the
 perspective of the child and the loss of such an vital connection that makes it so dramatic right
 it's romantic birth yeah totally
 oh yeah
 yeah a lot of mother abandonment issues here
 another one
 yeah exactly so that's a shock and so what when when shock happens we go out of our body we go
 out this is an amazing mechanism our body system has to protect us from that i'm going to show you
 how that works but to understand this is shock right it's it's a deep it creates a deep traumatic
 imprint in our system yes if you go out of your body like we're not here there yeah if you go out and
 but you also do something at that moment what is this for dissociation yeah but like like you have
 actual trauma right now you see your mother in the car today yeah but you get your sister out of the
 car and go and find someone to help you yes you do something yes but you are in shock
 yet you are in shock there there is yes there is the there's biological you know when i'm
 standing here and i'm just putting this i'm not thinking about like this walk left walk there's
 an autism to my movement right an autism to my movement no and same way when you're in a car
 accident there is the there's a part of you taken over that's called the me and it's a it's a higher
 instant of functioning that's or you could say even a lower instant of functioning that takes over
 your biological instincts and can do all the things you need to do to get out of danger but
 you're not really present then you're not really here you're not really you're out you're witnessing
 it but it there's a little you in that little experiencing and digesting of the situation itself
 and so the difference between shock and developmental trauma is simply shock can this
 can develop like that or it can develop that a sankara on water happens over and over again
 then the sankara on the beach happens over over again and it turns into a sankara on rock
