 In this exercise I'm going to show you how to unlock and unpack the container.
 Close your eyes and sit comfortably or lay down where you are undisturbed and feel safe
 enough to go inward for a second. Take a deep breath with me here and another one and another one.
 Notice how you feel more relaxed after those three breaths. Notice how you're carrying
 resistance and tension in your body right now. This resistance is an actuality and emotion.
 Where do you feel that emotion? Take your right finger and point to where you feel it. If it's a
 general area just point in the middle of the area. You can put your hand back again in a relaxed state.
 And now without thinking much about it, what color does this emotion have? Just real quick,
 what color? First it comes to mind. Is there a number accompanied by that? How old are you
 in this emotion? Just the first one that comes to mind. And if you were to look down to your hands,
 would you see small hands or big hands? Little child hands or big adult grown hands? And if you look
 around in that space, are you inside or outside? Is it day or is it night? Are you alone or are you
 with people? What are you feeling in this moment? Is it fear? Sadness? Anger? Joy?
 Guilt? Or helplessness? With what emotion does it most correspond with?
 Can you allow for this moment, for that emotion to be fully here? And wherever you are right now,
 in that emotion, can you allow to be there? And if there is another person, can you identify if
 this person is masculine or feminine? All right, you can slowly come out of it again.
 What we just did is we contacted the container, the storage of energy and unpacked the consciousness
 within that container. Smells, feelings, sights are all within that container.
 And when you point to where you feel it, you point to the somatic address of that container.
 And so this is how we can understand that these container and storages are really
 holographic in nature. When we unpack them, we create a consciousness, a lived experience
 that we weren't able to process.
