 And welcome to week two of the exercises for the somatic evolution course.
 In today's week, we're going to be taking it beyond just landing.
 So it's going to be landing.
 And then you have another little bit of facilitation to do.
 In today's session, we're going to start with somatic integration.
 And you're going to have about 15 minutes for that.
 That's the basic setup. And as you can see in the drawing here,
 there is still connected awareness, self awareness, connected awareness logging in,
 guiding yourself through to establish the master state, bringing the master state
 into the session and to guide your client through this logging in body scan exercise.
 You're going to be doing that every single time.
 This is the last time I mentioned it.
 I always mention things twice, then I drop them.
 And the new focus for today is somatic integration, meaning how do we guide
 somebody through this sensation based process of meeting where is a certain
 sensation, how can we describe it, what words describe the sensation.
 And then once we've located it, described it, what's changing if we stay with it?
 That's basically what you're going to be practicing today.
 The three steps of localizing, describing, monitoring, and they will be the foundation
 of everything you will ever do in the somatic integration approach.
 So let's go through each of them together.
 In today's session, ask your client to start with a sensation to to perceive.
 Where do you perceive sensations or resistance?
 Resistance referring to things that are challenging because in a lot of our work,
 we're not going to be working with people's resources, which some of the exercises
 here will be working with people's challenges.
 That's why they often come to sessions.
 So we start with where do you perceive resistance or sensations?
 If they describe multiple of them, are you drawn towards any of them?
 If they didn't describe exactly where, where are the ones you're drawn to?
 Once you've established that they're drawn towards a sensation,
 maybe it's a drawing here, it's a tingling in their left side.
 So you have the where ask them to describe it.
 How would you describe the sensation?
 And number one, you can ask this question openly, how would you describe the sensation?
 Maybe they have words, maybe they don't.
 Wonderful. First, see how much can they describe themselves?
 And then if you notice, it might be difficult for somebody to describe.
 It might even be difficult for you to describe because it's not that easy to describe sensations.
 We have a list of words for you that you can use to describe things.
 So you can go through them and see, is it achy?
 Is it frozen?
 Is it a pounding sensation?
 Is it a throbbing sensation?
 We can offer these different words and maybe based on what they've already said
 you can see, is it also that?
 Now, you can do this, it's very helpful.
 You can even use it for your own descriptions.
 Another way you can use this is to kind of offer two things that are roughly on opposing sides.
 So is it spacious or is it tight?
 Is it throbbing or is it calm?
 Is it hot or is it cold?
 So you can offer two things.
 So it's not just one, you can offer two and maybe they'll say it's roughly in between there.
 It's one of the other two.
 Basically, you're offering ways that this sensation could be to your client so that they can describe how it is.
 It's a process, it's a learning.
 And then once you have localized it, right side.
 How would you describe it?
 Oh, it's a throbbing kind of slow sensation.
 You go to monitoring.
 Staying with it as they've described it, giving them a moment of silence and then see.
 And what do you perceive now or what has changed in your body now?
 And maybe what they describe is this sensation has changed.
 Then you can again ask them to describe how it is now.
 Maybe they'll describe a new sensation.
 Maybe there is a tightness in their in their throat or in their chest.
 And then you can say, OK, where do you perceive this tightness?
 How would you describe this tightness?
 Then after a moment staying again and what has changed now?
 What do you perceive now?
 So basically we're going through this process of localizing, describing, monitoring again and again.
 And one way you can make this easy for yourself and you can also make it easy for your partner is if
 in describing, let me remove a few of these.
 In describing, you stick with exactly the words they use.
 So if they describe it as throbbing, use the word throbbing.
 And it's a throbbing, tingly, pain.
 They've used the words throbbing, tingly and pain.
 And it's in their right side, throbbing, tingly, pain in their right side.
 Really stick to the exact words, this way you make it easy for yourself and for them.
 So that's it for today.
 Logging in, starting off, then going into localizing, describing, monitoring.
 Maybe you'll even go through this one or two times with the same sensation or different
 sensations and afterwards, just like last time.
 Four minutes feedback for the client, two minutes feedback for the facilitator.
 And then you're done.
 I hope you enjoy.
